                            For Debra Driza
Because I never would¡¯ve finished this book without your
steady support, brilliant brainstorming sessions, and tiny

                       chocolate chip cookies
   (And FYI, readers: The cliff-hanger was Deb¡¯s idea!)
                 PREFACE

WE CAN¡¯T KEEP DOING THIS.

   The words pulsed through Sophie¡¯s mind.
   Gaining volume¡ªgaining momentum¡ªas the arguments raged
around her.
   All the strategizing and analyzing and agonizing.
   It never worked.
   No matter how clever or careful their plans were.
   Their enemies were always smarter.
   Stronger.
   Ready with some brutal, unexpected twist.
   Leaving them stumbling and scrambling.
   ¡°We can¡¯t keep doing this.¡±
   This time the words had a voice, and it took Sophie a second to
realize they¡¯d come from her.
   And she didn¡¯t regret them.
   It was time to try something new.
   Time to take a stand.
   Even if it risked everything.
   And maybe if they worked together¡ªand were really, really lucky¡­
   This would be their new legacy.
   Saving Keefe from his.
                    ONE

YOU LOOK CONFUSED,¡± MR. FORKLE said, and the lilt of his tone made

Sophie wonder if his lips were twitching with a smile¡ªbut she
couldn¡¯t pull her eyes away from the round, gilded door he¡¯d brought
her to, tucked into the side of a rolling, grassy hill.

   The place reminded her of a hobbit hole. But Sophie had been living
in the Lost Cities long enough to know better than to voice that
observation. All it would earn her was laughter. Or perhaps some
impossible-to-believe story about how Mr. Forkle had once brought J.
R. R. Tolkien there and provided him with the inspiration.

   ¡°I thought you were taking me to your office,¡± she told him, shifting
her gaze toward the windblown meadow and searching the swaying
wildflowers for clues as to where they were.

   ¡°I did.¡±
   Sophie opened her mouth to argue¡ªthen realized what he meant.
   He¡¯d brought her to his office. Not Magnate Leto¡¯s office at Foxfire,
like she¡¯d been expecting. Which was an easy mistake to make,
considering the fact that Mr. Forkle and Magnate Leto were actually
the same person¡ªand ¡°Mr. Forkle¡± was his much more enigmatic
side.
   ¡°So, this is your secret office,¡± she clarified, feeling goose bumps
prickle her skin at the thought.
   ¡°One of them,¡± Mr. Forkle confirmed, winking as he shuffled his
ruckleberry-bloated body closer to the door. He leaned in and licked a
spot on the left side of the door, which must¡¯ve been a camouflaged
DNA sensor because a rectangular panel slid open in the center,
revealing five spinning, fist-size cogs lined up in a neat row: one silver,
one copper, one iron, one bronze, and one steel.

   ¡°Did Tinker design this place?¡± Sophie asked, remembering the
abundance of gleaming gears she¡¯d seen decorating the walls of
Widgetmoor, as well as the Technopath¡¯s clear fondness for the
number five. But that wasn¡¯t the question she should¡¯ve been focusing
on, so she quickly added, ¡°And why are we here?¡±

   Mr. Forkle twisted the cogs one by one, entering some sort of
complicated combination. ¡°You said we needed to talk. Isn¡¯t that why
you requested this meeting?¡±

   ¡°It is, but¡­¡± Sophie¡¯s words trailed off as the last cog clicked into
place, making the ground rumble and the golden door sink into a slit
that appeared in the damp earth. Cold air blasted her face from the
dark room beyond, blowing strands of her blond hair into her eyes as
she took an eager step forward and¡ª

   ¡°Stop!¡± a familiar squeaky voice shouted behind her.
   Sophie froze.
   She¡¯d learned that it was much easier to let the seven-foot-tall,
heavily armed gray goblin lead the way¡ªalong with a hulking ogre
warrior and a tiny green-toothed gnome. Sandor, Bo, and Flori were
three of her five multispeciesial bodyguards, and they took their jobs
very seriously.
   So did her other bodyguards, of course. But Nubiti kept watch from
a position deep underground, since dwarves¡¯ eyes were highly sensitive
to light. And Tarina still hadn¡¯t been allowed to return to duty after
what everyone was calling the ¡°Scandal at Everglen¡±¡ªthough
¡°scandal¡± really wasn¡¯t a strong enough word. It didn¡¯t capture the
shock that came with discovering an illegal troll hive hidden at the
estate of one of their world¡¯s most prominent families. And it definitely
didn¡¯t evoke the horror of the genetically altered, bloodthirsty trolls
who went on a murderous rampage once the door to the hive was
opened.

   Both the elvin and trollish worlds were still reeling from the
disaster, since the Neverseen had managed to broadcast the
nightmarish battle to everyone gathered for the Celestial Festival. And
no one could agree on how to punish those who¡¯d been involved. A
Tribunal had already been held for Luzia Vacker, but her sentence had
yet to be finalized. And numerous additional investigations seemed to
be endlessly ¡°ongoing.¡± Foxfire, the elves¡¯ most prestigious academy,
had even been put on an extended hiatus because parents were worried
the school might be targeted. Plus, treaty renegotiations still needed to
be arranged between the elvin Council and the trolls¡¯ supreme leader,
but everyone was wary of another Peace Summit after what happened
at the last one.

   ¡°This office is perfectly safe,¡± Mr. Forkle assured Sophie¡¯s
bodyguards. ¡°Watchward Heath is protected by five different kinds of
security. And only six people in the world know how to find it. Well,
seven now, given Miss Foster¡¯s knack for teleporting.¡±

   ¡°Then the office should have no problem passing my inspection,¡±
Sandor called over his shoulder as he drew his massive curved sword
and marched through the doorway, followed by Bo and Flori. He¡¯d
always been overprotective, but his paranoia had reached new levels of
exhausting after the Neverseen¡¯s recent brutal attack¡ªand Sophie
couldn¡¯t blame him, since she and Fitz had ended up bedridden in the
Healing Center for weeks. Her right hand still ached whenever she
pushed herself too hard, and Fitz occasionally walked with a slight
limp. But Elwin kept assuring them that they¡¯d make a full recovery.
Certain wounds were just trickier than others¡ªand theirs had been
some of the worst, thanks to the creepy echoes caused by their
exposure to shadowflux.

   The rare sixth element was darkness in its purest form. Only the
strongest Shades could control it. And shadowflux changed everything
it touched.

   Shadowflux was also somehow so vital to whatever the Neverseen
were planning that when their Shade was killed at Everglen, Lady
Gisela threatened Tam until he agreed to serve as Umber¡¯s
replacement. Sophie and Keefe had begged Tam not to go, but he
swore he could handle himself. And Lady Gisela had warned them that
any attempt at rescue would only put Tam and his twin sister, Linh, in
greater danger. So Tam was on his own with the Neverseen¡ªand it
killed Sophie every time she thought about it.

   Each passing week made her heart heavier. Her nightmares more
vivid. Her brain more convinced that she¡¯d never see her friend again.

   Or worse: that Tam would join the enemy for real.
   If you hear us out, I guarantee you¡¯ll realize that we are the only ones
with an actual solution to the problems in this world, and that you¡¯ve been
wasting your talent serving the wrong side, Lady Gisela had told him. And
she¡¯d proven time and again that she was a master of mind games and
manipulation.
   ¡°All clear!¡± Sandor called, and Sophie squared her shoulders and
took a long, steadying breath.
   She could go back to worrying about Tam later. Right now, she
needed to focus on the conversation ahead¡ªa conversation she¡¯d been
rehearsing for the last nine days. Ever since she¡¯d gone to Atlantis
and¡­
   Well.
   Things had not gone according to plan.
   She could still see the pitying looks on the matchmakers¡¯ faces as
they¡¯d shown her the ugly red words on the screen.

   Words that would define her¡ªdestroy her¡ªif people found out
about them.

   That was why she¡¯d begged for this meeting. If she could convince
Mr. Forkle to give her one tiny piece of information¡ªsomething she
deserved to know anyway¡ªeverything would get back on track.

   She¡¯d been gearing up for a fight, since getting information from
the Black Swan was a lot like prying open the jaws of a thrashing
verminion. But if he trusted her enough to bring her to his secret
office¡­

   ¡°Shall we?¡± Mr. Forkle asked, gesturing to the entrance.
   Sophie nodded and crossed the threshold, shivering as a blast of
cold, metallic-tinged air seeped through the thin fabric of her lavender
tunic. The room was too dark to see, but it felt like stepping into a
refrigerator, and she pulled her dove gray cape tighter around her
shoulders, wishing she¡¯d worn thicker gloves, instead of the silk ones
she¡¯d chosen.
   The light flared to life when Mr. Forkle followed, as if the sensor
only responded to him. ¡°You don¡¯t look impressed,¡± he noted as
Sophie blinked in the sudden brightness.
   ¡°It¡¯s just¡­ not what I was expecting.¡±
   She¡¯d been imagining his secret office for years¡ªand she¡¯d always
pictured a cross between a spaceship and Hogwarts, with fancy
architecture and all kinds of high-tech gadgets and mysterious
contraptions. Plus clues to who Mr. Forkle truly was, and plenty of
hints about Project Moonlark. Instead, she¡¯d found herself in a curved
white room that made her feel like she was standing inside a giant
underground egg. Soft light poured from a single bulb, which dangled
off the end of a thin chain above a round, silver table. The walls were
smooth and bare¡ªas was the floor¡ªand several small grates in the
ceiling flooded the room with icy drafts.

   That was it.
   No windows. No doors¡ªexcept the one they¡¯d come through, which
had sealed silently behind them. Nowhere to sit. No decor of any kind.
Not even any books or scrolls, despite Mr. Forkle¡¯s love of research.
   ¡°And here I thought you¡¯d learned that things in the Lost Cities are
rarely what they seem,¡± Mr. Forkle said, pressing his palm against the
wall. The light bulb flickered twice before it flared much brighter and
projected a grid of images across every surface of the room, as if the
office was tapping into thousands of camera feeds displaying elves,
goblins, ogres, trolls, dwarves, gnomes, and humans going about their
daily lives. Every few seconds the images shifted, making Sophie
wonder whether she¡¯d catch a glimpse of the entire planet if she stood
there long enough.
   ¡°Still nothing?¡± Mr. Forkle asked.
   She shrugged. ¡°It¡¯s not that different from Quinlin¡¯s office in
Atlantis. And I¡¯m pretty sure a lot of human leaders have rooms like
this too¡ªnot showing all the other species, but¡­ you know what I
mean.¡±
   ¡°Do I?¡± Mr. Forkle tapped the wall to make the images disappear
before he placed his palm flat against the silver table. ¡°What about
this, then?¡±
   The metal surface rippled at his touch, stretching and splitting into
a million thin wires that made it look like a giant version of one of
those pin art toys Sophie used to play with as a kid. He tapped his
fingers in a quick rhythm, and the pins shifted and sank, forming
highs and lows and smooth, flat stretches. Sophie couldn¡¯t figure out
what she was seeing until he tapped a few additional beats and tiny
pricks of light flared at the ends of each wire, bathing the scene in
vibrant colors and marking everything with glowing labels.

   ¡°It¡¯s a map,¡± she murmured, making a slow circle around the table.
   And not just any map.
   A 3-D map of the Lost Cities.
   She¡¯d never seen her world like that before, with everything spread
out across the planet in relation to everything else. Eternalia, the elvin
capital that had likely inspired the human myths of Shangri-la, was
much closer to the Sanctuary than she¡¯d realized, nestled into one of
the valleys of the Himalayas¡ªwhile the special animal preserve was
hidden inside the hollowed-out mountains. Atlantis was deep under
the Mediterranean Sea, just like the human legends described, and it
looked like Mysterium was somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle. The
Gateway to Exile was in the middle of the Sahara desert¡ªthough the
prison itself was buried in the center of the earth. And Lumenaria¡­
   ¡°Wait. Is Lumenaria one of the Channel Islands?¡± she asked, trying
to compare what she was seeing against the maps she¡¯d memorized in
her human geography classes.
   ¡°Yes and no. It¡¯s technically part of the same archipelago. But we¡¯ve
kept that particular island hidden, so humans have no idea it exists¡ª
well, beyond the convoluted stories we¡¯ve occasionally leaked to cause
confusion.¡±
   ¡°Huh.¡± Lumenaria had reminded her of Camelot when she¡¯d been
there, so that must be where some of those legends came from. The
elves liked to play with the lore of their world, weaving in conflicting
fantastical details, to make it that much harder for humans to believe
in it.
   She leaned closer, wondering how accurate the map¡¯s details were.
She hadn¡¯t been to Lumenaria since the collapse, and it looked like the
glowing castle was now fully rebuilt¡ªwith much higher walls. A new
tree also stood next to the Four Seasons Tree, perhaps as a memorial
for those who¡¯d died in the attack. ¡°And humans really haven¡¯t found
the island? It¡¯s right by France and the United Kingdom¡ªand boats go
through the channel all the time.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯ve seen how powerful our illusions are,¡± Mr. Forkle reminded
her.

   Sophie¡¯s stomach soured.
   Vespera had designed most of the optical illusions that shielded the
Lost Cities from detection. And out of all the Neverseen¡¯s leaders, she
was the most ruthless. She saw violence as a solution¡ªand was always
claiming that Sophie and Keefe would never be ¡°ready.¡± For what, they
didn¡¯t know. But it seemed safe to assume it had something to do with
Keefe¡¯s ¡°legacy.¡±
   ¡°It helps to see our world this way, doesn¡¯t it?¡± Mr. Forkle asked,
moving to Sophie¡¯s side. ¡°I¡¯ve been coming here a lot lately to
strategize.¡±
   ¡°Does that mean you have a plan?¡± she asked, even though she was
pretty sure she already knew the answer.
   ¡°It¡¯s a work in progress.¡± He sighed when her hands curled into
fists. ¡°I understand your impatience, Miss Foster. But some things
cannot be rushed.¡±
   Her laugh sounded as bitter as she felt.
   They¡¯d been trying to take down the Neverseen the entire time she¡¯d
been living in the Lost Cities. And here they were, years later, still with
no clue what the Neverseen were up to or where they were hiding.
   She and her friends had been trying to figure out how to make their
next move ever since Tam was taken, but all they had to go on were the
same worthless leads they¡¯d wasted too much time on already.
   Fake caches.
   A missing starstone.
   Way too many confusing symbols.
   The key to Lady Gisela¡¯s Archetype, but not the book that the key
opened.
   Tiny fragments of shattered memories that didn¡¯t make any sense.
   And no matter what truths they pieced together or what risks they
took, the Neverseen were always five million steps ahead of them.
   Put simply: They were losing.
   And Sophie was sick of it.
   ¡°The Neverseen have proven to be more formidable than we
expected,¡± Mr. Forkle admitted. ¡°And their changes in leadership have
made anticipating their tactics particularly complicated.¡±
   ¡°We have too many enemies,¡± Sophie muttered.
   ¡°We do indeed. And their individual visions do not always perfectly
align, which has caused additional confusion. But we still know far
more than you¡¯re letting yourself admit.¡±
   ¡°Like what?¡± She turned to face him, crossing her arms. ¡°I¡¯m
serious. Tell me one useful thing we¡¯ve learned.¡±
   ¡°I can name many, Miss Foster. And so can you. You¡¯re simply
overlooking them because you¡¯re upset that you haven¡¯t gotten the
answers you want¡ªand I understand that inclination. But you¡¯re far
too smart for such ill-reasoned logic. Which is why I brought you here,
to make sure you¡¯re seeing the bigger picture.¡±
   He tapped another rhythm against the table, and the pins shifted,
making new landmarks emerge among all the others: Gildingham, the
goblins¡¯ golden capital, which seemed to be tucked among the Andes
Mountains¡ªand probably inspired the human myths of El Dorado.
Ravagog, the ogre stronghold on the Eventide River, which was
apparently hidden in the lushest part of central Asia. Loamnore, a city
Sophie assumed was the dwarven capital, since the enormous
metropolis was under the Gobi desert rather than above it. And
Marintrylla, an island near New Zealand that was probably the trollish
capital and seemed to be an intricate network of caves and bridges.

   ¡°What do you see?¡± Mr. Forkle asked.
   Sophie¡¯s eyes narrowed. ¡°I¡¯m assuming you¡¯re looking for a better
answer than ¡®a bunch of cities.¡¯¡±
   Flori giggled.
   Sandor and Bo snorted.
   Mr. Forkle grumbled something under his breath that started with
¡°You kids.¡±
   ¡°Why don¡¯t you just tell me what you want me to say?¡± Sophie
suggested.
   ¡°Because I¡¯m trying to teach you, Miss Foster. Your friends look to
you for guidance, and lately all I¡¯ve seen you display is despair and
frustration. If you¡¯re going to lead them, you need to do better.¡±
   ¡°Lead them.¡± The phrase felt heavy on Sophie¡¯s tongue. ¡°Is that your
big plan, then? Dump all the responsibility on me, because I¡¯m the
moonlark?¡±
   ¡°Need I remind you that you¡¯re the one who chose to involve your
friends? I¡¯m not criticizing you for that¡ªyour friends have proven
invaluable to our efforts. But you can¡¯t ignore the responsibility that
you took on when you recruited them.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s insides twisted.
   She¡¯d never intended to ¡°recruit¡± her friends. They just kept asking
questions about what she was doing and offering to help. And
eventually, she¡¯d realized she needed them.
   But now everything that happened wasn¡¯t just her responsibility¡ªit
was her fault. Like when Lady Gisela knocked Tam out cold and
dragged him away, even though he¡¯d already agreed to cooperate.
   ¡°I know what you¡¯re thinking,¡± Mr. Forkle said gently. ¡°And not
because I¡¯m violating the rules of telepathy, in case you¡¯re worried.
The burden you¡¯re carrying is written in every shadow on your face¡ª
and you must not blame yourself.¡±

   Sophie forced herself to nod.
   Guilt was dangerous for elves¡ªalmost as sanity-shattering as
violence.
   But it sure wasn¡¯t easy to let go of.
   ¡°I want Mr. Tam home safely every bit as much as you do,¡± Mr.
Forkle assured her. ¡°As does the rest of the Black Swan. But that
cannot be our only goal. So I need you to step back and remember
what we¡¯re fighting for.¡±
   ¡°What are we fighting for?¡± Sophie countered. ¡°It feels like all we
ever do is¡­ try not to die¡ªand sometimes we¡¯re not even very good at
that.¡±
   Mr. Forkle looked away, blinking hard, and Sophie was sorry she¡¯d
brought up what had happened to his twin brother. But¡­ if they didn¡¯t
change something, it was only a matter of time before they lost
someone else.
   ¡°We¡¯ve been playing defense for far too long,¡± he said, clearing the
thickness from his throat. ¡°And that is never a good way to win. That¡¯s
why I need you to look at the map again¡ªtruly look¡ªand tell me what
you see.¡±
   Sophie dragged out her sigh and tilted her head, trying to guess
what he expected her to say. ¡°I see¡­ a divided world.¡±
   ¡°An unevenly divided world,¡± Bo added.
   He had a point. The elves had a bunch of huge cities¡ªand that
wasn¡¯t counting their individual estates scattered all over the planet.
Meanwhile, the other species seemed to be much more confined to
their capitals¡ªexcept the gnomes, who lived with the elves.
   ¡°The ancient Council felt it would be easier to ensure that each
leader upheld the tenets of their treaties if the various species were
separated from each other,¡± Mr. Forkle explained. ¡°So they did their
best to keep everyone confined to their respective homelands.¡± A quick
series of taps made glowing lines appear across the map, outlining the
invisible boundaries around each species¡¯ territory¡ªand their lands
were much vaster than Sophie had realized, with borders extending
well beyond their capitals. ¡°And the arrangement has had its share of
success. We scattered our cities to better keep an eye on everything.
And no major wars have erupted among the intelligent species¡ª
though what happened with Serenvale was a close call.¡±

   Bo shifted his weight, not looking happy to hear a reminder of how
the ancient ogres stole the gnomes¡¯ homeland and forced them to flee
to the Lost Cities.

   Flori looked even less thrilled.
   Mr. Forkle kept his focus on the map. ¡°Time, however, has
complicated things. Populations have grown. Resources have been
depleted. And many are beginning to feel restricted by their boundaries.
Particularly when you consider this.¡±
   He tapped a rapid rhythm against the metal, and thousands more
cities appeared across the parts of the map that had previously been
empty, most scrunched so closely together that their labels overlapped
in a tangle of letters. But Sophie could still tell she was looking at the
Forbidden Cities.
   Human cities.
   ¡°The Council let each intelligent species choose their homeland¡ª
and kept land for ourselves and the Neutral Territories,¡± Mr. Forkle
continued quietly. ¡°But they left the rest of the planet to humans,
because they¡¯re so much more prolific. And many now feel that
decision was a mistake. Some have even begun calling for drastic
changes. I believe you¡¯ve heard about the proposal for building a
Human Sanctuary that circulated a few decades back, haven¡¯t you,
Miss Foster?¡±

   ¡°Alden mentioned it a while ago,¡± Sophie agreed. And the thought
of moving all the humans to what would basically be an enormous
prison still made her queasy. ¡°Was that the Neverseen¡¯s idea?¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s hard to say where the murmurings originated. But the idea
gained some powerful supporters, even among those considered to be
respectable and influential. And though the Council shut it down, they
failed to address the larger conundrum that¡¯s been festering beneath
the surface of all of our worlds for centuries now.¡± He turned to meet
her gaze. ¡°We¡¯re spiraling toward war. And not an isolated battle. A
global conflict involving every living being.¡± He let that sink in before
he added, ¡°That¡¯s why the Black Swan was formed¡ªand why Alden
and Quinlin have carried out so many of their own secret
investigations throughout the last few decades. But it¡¯s also why the
Neverseen exist. And why King Dimitar forged an alliance with them
and unleashed the plague upon the gnomes. I suspect it¡¯s even why the
trolls enlisted Luzia Vacker to help them experiment on their
newborns. We¡¯re all reacting to the same problem. Only our solutions
separate us.¡±

   ¡°But¡­ why?¡± Sophie had to ask, pointing to the map. ¡°I thought we
could make anywhere inhabitable. So if this is all just about space,
couldn¡¯t we hollow out more mountains or sink more cities under the
ocean or¡ª¡±

   ¡°We could,¡± Mr. Forkle interrupted. ¡°But who would live there? Not
every territory is ideally situated for that kind of expansion¡ªand
people generally don¡¯t like leaving the place they¡¯ve come to think of
as home. There¡¯s also no telling what complications might arise from
scattering the species. But even if we resolved all of that, it wouldn¡¯t
address the fact that humans are polluting our planet and stripping it
of its natural resources while simultaneously building weapons that
could destroy everyone.¡±

   ¡°My queen has expressed many concerns about that,¡± Sandor noted.
   ¡°As has my king,¡± Bo agreed.
   ¡°And rightfully so,¡± Mr. Forkle told them. ¡°It¡¯s an incredibly
disturbing situation. And I assure you, the Black Swan has been hard
at work on a solution.¡±
   His gaze drifted toward Sophie again, and she took a step away.
   ¡°That¡¯s what Project Moonlark¡¯s about? I¡¯m supposed to¡­¡± She
wasn¡¯t sure how to finish that sentence, but she had a horrible feeling
it ended with something like ¡°save the human race.¡±
   ¡°Project Moonlark was about gaining a valuable new perspective,¡±
Mr. Forkle corrected, ¡°in the hope that fresh eyes might help us spot
something we¡¯ve been missing¡ªboth for this issue and for some of the
internal injustices in our own society. Any action beyond that was
never meant to rest solely on your shoulders. You¡¯re a part of our order.
We face these challenges together.¡±
   Somehow that was both a relief and a disappointment.
   Sophie didn¡¯t want to be the answer to everything. But she wouldn¡¯t
mind being the answer to something, after all the sacrifices she¡¯d had to
make.
   Mr. Forkle rested a hand on her shoulder. ¡°You¡¯re incredibly
special, Miss Foster. And there are other roles you¡¯ll be asked to play
someday¡ªbut for now, I need you to concentrate on this.¡± He pointed
to the map. ¡°Given everything I¡¯ve just told you, and everything you
see here, what do you think the Neverseen¡¯s next move will be?¡±
   She stared at the map so long, the colors blurred.
   ¡°Okay, let¡¯s try it this way,¡± he said. ¡°What do you think the
Neverseen truly want? I¡¯m talking about the order as a whole, not the
personal agendas of their individual leaders.¡±
   The only answer Sophie could come up with was: ¡°Power?¡±
   ¡°Exactly. They want to be in control¡ªthat¡¯s one of the primary ways
our orders differ from one another. The Black Swan resorted to
rebellion because we had no other means of pursuing necessary
solutions. And our ultimate hope has been¡ªand always will be¡ªto
work hand in hand with the Council as we address these complicated
challenges. But the Neverseen have always desired to take over.¡±
   ¡°So¡­ you¡¯re saying their next move is to overthrow the Council?¡±
Sophie asked, really hoping she was wrong.
   ¡°I believe that¡¯s their endgame¡ªbut I also believe they¡¯re wise
enough to know they¡¯re not ready for that step. Think about what
would happen if they took out the Council now. Would they prove
themselves mighty? Or simply show the leaders of the other species
that the Lost Cities are ripe for a takeover?¡± He tapped another
rhythm against the table and made every landmark on the map
disappear except Gildingham, Ravagog, Loamnore, and Marintrylla.
¡°That¡¯s the piece I fear you¡¯ve been ignoring. Ruling our planet
involves so much more than leading the elves. And the Neverseen
cannot afford to weaken the Lost Cities until they¡¯ve first weakened all
of the other worlds.¡±
   ¡°They¡¯ll never weaken us,¡± Bo huffed, his knuckles cracking as he
squeezed the hilt of his sword.
   Mr. Forkle shook his head. ¡°They already have. What happened
when they tricked your king into unleashing the plague upon the
gnomes?¡±
   Sophie wasn¡¯t sure if it was a good idea to remind Bo that she and
her friends had been forced to flood half of Ravagog in order to escape
the ogre city after they snuck in to steal the cure from King Dimitar.
But Bo¡¯s grip loosened on his weapon, and his mottled skin paled as he
said, ¡°We lost many great warriors.¡±
   ¡°You did indeed. And others defected to the Neverseen afterward.
You¡¯ve also had half of a city to rebuild¡ªwhich is still a work in
progress, as I understand it.¡± Mr. Forkle tapped Ravagog on the map,
and the lights dimmed around the ogre capital.

   ¡°We can still protect ourselves,¡± Bo argued.
   ¡°I never said you couldn¡¯t. But we all know that your king changed
strategies after the flood, shifting his focus away from the larger world
and centering his attention on his people¡ªwhich is what the
Neverseen require. They need the other leaders to be distracted and
disorganized, so they won¡¯t notice the turmoil in the Lost Cities¡ªor
have the means to take advantage¡ªuntil things stabilize. And that¡¯s
exactly what they¡¯ve now made happen for Empress Pernille. By
exposing Luzia Vacker¡¯s involvement with the experimental hive, the
Neverseen cost the empress her secret ally, as well as the lives of those
newborn soldiers, and the facility where they were created. And they¡¯ve
forced the empress to face numerous treaty violations, which will keep
her far too busy to concern herself with whatever¡¯s happening in our
world for a good long while.¡±
   Another tap darkened Marintrylla on the map.
   ¡°That leaves the goblins and the dwarves,¡± Sophie murmured,
feeling her stomach churn with a thick, sloshy dread. ¡°Though¡­ I
guess they already took out a bunch of goblins in Lumenaria.¡±
   ¡°That was hardly a dent in our forces,¡± Sandor argued. ¡°Our army is
immense.¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed.
   But he still darkened Gildingham on the map with an ominous tap.
   ¡°My gut tells me,¡± he explained, ¡°that the Neverseen will save any
targeted move against Queen Hylda until they¡¯re ready to take down
the Council, since the goblins serve as the Councillors¡¯ bodyguards.
And before they can take down the Council, they must also win over
the majority of our people¡ªotherwise their rule will be rejected, and
our world will dissolve into rebellion. That¡¯s why each of the
Neverseen¡¯s moves has also been designed to make them appear
mighty while making our current Councillors look weak and foolish,
and caused many in our world to question the Council¡¯s power and
authority.¡±

   ¡°But everyone saw Vespera, Ruy, and Gethen cowering under their
little force field during the Celestial Festival,¡± Sophie reminded him.
¡°And abandoning Umber without even bothering to see if she was still
alive.¡±

   ¡°Yes, they made a grave mistake there¡ªwhich is a credit to you and
your friends.¡± He moved closer, placing both hands on her shoulders
and bending to her eye level. ¡°I realize how easy it is to see our defeats.
But don¡¯t overlook what we¡¯ve achieved. We¡¯ve dulled the effectiveness
of each and every one of the Neverseen¡¯s schemes. And this time?
We¡¯re going to thwart them much more completely.¡±

   All eyes focused on Loamnore, glowing like a beacon on the
otherwise dark map.

   Glowing like a target.
   And yet, Sophie still had to ask, ¡°How can you be so certain?¡±
   They¡¯d been wrong about the Neverseen¡¯s plans so many times
before. In fact, she was pretty sure they¡¯d never actually been right.
   ¡°I can be certain, Miss Foster, because this time the Neverseen
tipped their hand. Taking Mr. Tam was devastating¡ªbut not just for
us. In fact, it dealt a far larger blow to them. Now we know that
shadows will play a role in the next stage of their plan.¡±
   ¡°Shadowflux,¡± Sophie corrected.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure that will be crucial, yes. But I doubt they would limit
themselves to one aspect of Mr. Tam¡¯s ability when they can utilize the
full scope, particularly since Shades are so powerful. So I think it¡¯s best
if we keep our focus wider and assume that the key will be darkness, in
all of its varied forms. And where would darkness be more valuable
than an underground city inhabited by creatures who rarely step into
the light?¡±

   A tingly sort of energy hummed under Sophie¡¯s skin as he moved
back to the map and tapped the table with a new rhythm. The pins
zoomed in on the dwarven capital, which reminded Sophie of an ant
farm¡ªa maze of carefully arranged tunnels snaking deep into the
earth and leading to underground plazas and marketplaces, or to the
scattered bubble-shaped living quarters. It was somehow both bigger
and smaller than she¡¯d been expecting. Grady had told her once that
the most recent census showed only three hundred and twenty-nine
dwarves on the entire planet¡ªand that was before thirty went missing,
and others were lost in the battle on Mount Everest. But it was strange
to see so few homes in Loamnore¡ªespecially since their tunnels
stretched for miles and miles and miles.

   ¡°Okay,¡± she said, almost afraid to admit that he¡¯d made a decent
point. She was getting a floaty feeling in her heart that felt a lot like
hope¡ªand hope was an emotion that had led them astray far too many
times. ¡°Assuming you¡¯re right, how are we supposed to know what the
Neverseen are planning to do to the dwarves? Like¡­ specifically?
Because I¡¯m seeing thousands of underground paths, and any of them
could be used in an attack.¡±

   ¡°That is what I want you and your friends to figure out. You all have
extra time while Foxfire remains on hiatus.¡±

   ¡°Uh¡­ how are we supposed to do that?¡±
   ¡°By determining how the Neverseen can use shadowflux¡ªand
shadows or darkness in general¡ªto weaken the dwarves while
bringing further scandal to the Council.¡±
   ¡°Oh, is that all?¡± she asked, her heart crashing back to reality. ¡°And
here I thought you were going to be vague.¡±

   ¡°I think you¡¯ll find that those guidelines narrow the options far
more significantly than you¡¯re expecting. Particularly when you also
consider the fact that this attack will likely be targeted at you and your
friends.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s mouth turned dry, giving her voice a hint of rasp as she
asked, ¡°Aren¡¯t we always one of the targets?¡±

   ¡°In a way. But up until this point, they¡¯ve mostly tried to test you or
control you. This time, I believe they¡¯ll be aiming to¡­ well, I suppose
the best way to put it is to ¡®crush your spirit¡¯¡ªbecause their broadcast
at the Celestial Festival backfired. Not only did everyone see members
of the Neverseen cower and flee, but they also saw you and your
friends stand strong and keep fighting. And that made many in our
world begin to see what the Black Swan and I have seen all along: the
true future we should be focusing on.¡±

   A fresh set of goose bumps prickled Sophie¡¯s arms. But these ones
felt itchier. Almost demanding.

   ¡°Yes,¡± Mr. Forkle told her. ¡°It¡¯s a tremendous responsibility. One
that every young generation must learn to carry. Adults may have
wisdom and experience. But our youth are bold and brave and willing
to fight for what they believe in with a formidable kind of energy. And
you and your friends showed everyone precisely how to be a true force
for change. So I suspect the Neverseen will try to counter that by
putting you in a situation where you will be forced to surrender in a
very public way. And I realize that¡¯s not easy to hear¡ª¡±

   ¡°No, it¡¯s fine,¡± Sophie interrupted, hugging herself to squeeze back
some of the queasiness. ¡°Who doesn¡¯t love being told they have an evil
band of villains trying to crush their spirit?¡±
   ¡°But they never will,¡± Flori said, placing her hand over Sophie¡¯s. Her
green thumb traced circles across the back of Sophie¡¯s gloved palm as
she hummed a soft melody that whispered through the air like warm
spring rain.

   Sophie closed her eyes, letting the song sink into her mind, washing
away some of the panic.

   ¡°It¡¯s okay to be afraid, Miss Foster,¡± Mr. Forkle told her. ¡°I am.¡±
   That didn¡¯t make her feel any better. In fact, it made her wish she
could go back to being a little kid, believing the grown-ups in her life
would take care of everything.
   Flori hummed another verse of the soft melody, letting the whispery
sounds flutter around them before she said, ¡°The trick is to
acknowledge your fear and let it fuel you to fight harder.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m already fighting as hard as I can!¡± Sophie argued.
   ¡°So it¡¯s time to fight smarter,¡± Mr. Forkle told her. ¡°The Neverseen
took your friend, and now they¡¯re going to use him to strike at you
where you¡¯re most vulnerable. Their plan will center on something
that affects you, the Council, and the dwarves. If you consider all three
goals, I¡¯ve no doubt that you and your friends can determine the shape
and direction of the threat we¡¯re facing.¡±
   ¡°Shouldn¡¯t someone also warn King Enki?¡± Sandor asked, leaning
closer to squint at the map.
   ¡°I have,¡± Mr. Forkle assured him. ¡°He¡¯s already taking precautions.
But several of the dwarves who defected to the Neverseen were key
strategists behind the city¡¯s security. So we¡¯ll definitely have our work
cut out for us. But we must rise to the challenge. We cannot let the
Neverseen weaken the dwarves. It would bring our world far too close
to their ultimate endgame. Plus, the dwarves are a vital resource.
Without them, we never would¡¯ve been able to rebuild so quickly after
the Neverseen¡¯s attacks.¡±
   ¡°You¡¯ve had a lot of help from my people as well,¡± Flori reminded
him. ¡°Don¡¯t count us out.¡±

   ¡°I haven¡¯t. And I¡¯m sure the Neverseen haven¡¯t either. In fact, I¡¯m
certain they¡¯ll strike against the gnomes again when the time is right.
That¡¯s why I¡¯ve allowed you¡ªand Miss Foster¡¯s other guards¡ªto be
present for this meeting.¡±

   Sandor and Bo both snorted ¡°allowed¡± under their breath.
   Mr. Forkle smiled. ¡°Oh, I assure you¡ªif I didn¡¯t want you in my
office, I could cast you out before you could even draw your weapons.
It¡¯s my favorite security feature that Tinker designed. But I haven¡¯t
used it, because I¡¯m counting on you three to make sure your people
are ready, in case the Neverseen attempt to weaken your worlds
further while they¡¯re targeting the dwarves. I¡¯ll update the Council as
well, and convince them to take their own precautions. And while
we¡¯re doing all of that¡±¡ªhe shifted back toward Sophie¡ª¡°I need you
and your friends to focus on what we¡¯ve discussed. I¡¯d recommend
starting with Mr. Tam. Think about his strengths and your weaknesses,
since where they overlap likely lies the Neverseen¡¯s plan.¡±
   Sophie swallowed hard, but it couldn¡¯t dislodge the lump in her
throat as she forced herself to ask the question she¡¯d been dreading.
¡°So¡­ you think Tam¡¯s going to do what they want him to? You don¡¯t
think he¡¯ll find a way to resist?¡±
   Mr. Forkle looked away. ¡°I think, if it comes down to it, there are
very few things Mr. Tam wouldn¡¯t do to protect his sister. And Lady
Gisela knows that all too well.¡±
   Sophie wished she could argue. But she¡¯d been worrying about the
same thing.
   Tam had already left the Lost Cities so that Linh wouldn¡¯t have to
be alone after the Council banished her. And the two of them spent
years living in shoddy tents and nearly starving in the Neutral
Territories. He even joined the Black Swan mostly for her.

   It made him incredibly brave and sweet and noble and¡­
   A little scary¡ªat least in his present situation.
   ¡°He needs your help,¡± Mr. Forkle told her. ¡°You can save Mr. Tam
from facing an impossible decision. So I suggest you get to work.
Compare what you and your friends each know about him. Then talk
to Lady Zillah and find out everything she¡¯s taught Mr. Tam¡ªand
everything she knows about shadowflux. I¡¯d also recommend
familiarizing yourself with Loamnore. Miss Linh lived there for a brief
time, so she might have some ideas about the city¡¯s vulnerabilities.
And you should ask Nubiti as well. Feel free to share my theories with
her¡ªif she hasn¡¯t been listening to us already¡ªand see if she can
provide any insights. I¡¯ll of course arrange a visit between you and
King Enki, along with a tour of Loamnore as soon as I can.¡±
   Sophie nodded, telling herself to feel relieved as he pounded his fist
against the table, making the metal flatten back into a smooth, empty
surface. This was the earliest they¡¯d ever had a concrete strategy for
stopping the Neverseen¡ªand she hadn¡¯t even had to pry it out of him,
or follow a bunch of mysterious clues and notes before he trusted her.
   This was progress!
   But¡­ was it enough?
   And how would her friends feel about focusing on Tam?
   She suspected that would not go over well, but¡­ at least it would
give her a perfect excuse not to talk about¡ª
   ¡°Wait,¡± she said as the door slid open and Mr. Forkle pulled his
pathfinder from his cape pocket. She¡¯d gotten so distracted by the map
and his theories about the dwarves and Tam that she¡¯d forgotten the
reason she¡¯d asked for the meeting in the first place. ¡°None of this is
why I said we needed to talk.¡±
   He spun the crystal at the end of the silver wand. ¡°Well, surely you
can agree that this is far more important.¡±

   It was and it wasn¡¯t.
   Compared to everything going on, her personal life did rank pretty
low.
   But¡­ she¡¯d waited nine days for this opportunity. She wasn¡¯t about
to waste it.
   ¡°This will only take a minute,¡± she promised, squaring her
shoulders and trying to project confidence as she switched to the
speech she¡¯d prepared. ¡°I know you haven¡¯t wanted to tell me certain
things about who I am, and what your plans for me are, and where I
come from, and what¡¯s happened in my past. And I know you think
you¡¯re protecting me¡ªbut I can handle that stuff now. And I¡¯m
worried that the reason we keep failing is because of all of the secrets
between us. It makes trusting you really hard sometimes¡ªand it leaves
me without some pretty important information. So I think it¡¯s time for
us to agree that we need to solve all of those mysteries.¡±
   She let out a breath.
   There.
   She¡¯d said it.
   Now she needed him to argue that he couldn¡¯t possibly tell her
everything¡ªbecause this was Mr. Forkle, after all¡ªand then she¡¯d offer
a compromise and make him agree to answer at least one question.
   They¡¯d made a similar deal before¡ªand she knew exactly what
question she¡¯d ask.
   But Mr. Forkle didn¡¯t follow the script.
   ¡°I¡¯m sorry, Miss Foster.¡± His eyes stayed focused on his pathfinder
as he locked the crystal into place. ¡°I can¡¯t tell you what you want to
know.¡±
   ¡°You don¡¯t even know what I want to know,¡± she pointed out.
   ¡°Actually, I do. You¡­ want to know who your biological parents
are.¡±

   Sophie blinked. ¡°How did you¡ª¡±
   ¡°I know you far better than you realize. Which is why I also know
that you won¡¯t be happy with me when I tell you that, unfortunately,
the answer to your question is ¡®no.¡¯¡±
   ¡°Why?¡±
   He sighed. ¡°I can¡¯t tell you that, either.¡±
   She gritted her teeth. ¡°I deserve to know.¡±
   ¡°You do. But that doesn¡¯t change the fact that I can¡¯t tell you¡ª
because it doesn¡¯t only affect you. The ramifications are too huge. I¡¯m
sorry, I realize that¡¯s not what you want to hear. But it¡¯s the best I can
do.¡±
   His tone made it clear that they¡¯d reached the end of the
conversation.
   But Sophie couldn¡¯t let it go. She had to make him understand that
there were huge ramifications for her, too¡ªeven if it meant saying the
words she¡¯d been bottling up since that horrible day in Atlantis, when
she¡¯d stumbled out of the matchmakers¡¯ office with a fake smile
plastered across her face, pretending everything was okay.
   ¡°I¡¯m unmatchable.¡±
   It came out as a whisper, but she knew everyone heard her. They all
sucked in breaths. Even Bo, who probably didn¡¯t understand the full
enormity of that statement.
   The elves didn¡¯t discriminate because of skin color or money, like so
many humans did. But anyone who was part of a bad match faced
scorn for the rest of their lives¡ªand so would their kids. It mostly
happened to the Talentless, since the matchmakers focused on pairing
up those with the strongest abilities in the hope that their children
would be equally powerful. But the foundation of the matchmaking
system was genetics, to ensure that no distant relatives were
intermarrying, which could happen all too easily in a world where
everyone stayed beautiful and healthy for thousands of years.

   So if Sophie couldn¡¯t provide the names of the male and female
whose DNA she carried, the matchmakers could do nothing except
give her a sympathetic pat on the head and send her away in shame.

   She honestly wasn¡¯t sure how she¡¯d made it out of that room
without bursting into tears¡ªand couldn¡¯t remember what she¡¯d told
her parents to explain why she wasn¡¯t carrying a match packet as she
rejoined them in the main lobby and headed home.

   It was all a horrible, sickening blur¡ªand the nine days that
followed had been even more unbearable. She¡¯d had to avoid her
friends, afraid they might be able to tell that something had happened,
all while her brain kept imagining the many ways her life was about to
implode. The only thing that had gotten her through was waiting for
this moment¡ªthis chance to avert the disaster.

   ¡°Please,¡± she said, ready to drop to her knees and beg. ¡°I won¡¯t tell
anyone and¡ª¡±

   ¡°You¡¯d have to,¡± Mr. Forkle interrupted. ¡°The information would
only be useful if it were part of your official records. And that cannot
happen.¡±

   ¡°But I¡¯m unmatchable!¡± she repeated, much louder this time. And she
couldn¡¯t help noticing that he didn¡¯t flinch.

   That¡¯s when she realized¡­
   ¡°You knew.¡±
   She should¡¯ve figured that out before.
   He was the one who filled out her Inception Certificate and left off
that crucial information.
   Of course he knew what that would mean for her someday.
   ¡°What is this?¡± she demanded. ¡°Another way that Project Moonlark
is manipulating my perspective so I¡¯ll see the follies of our world? Am I
supposed to be the poster girl for the dark side of matchmaking?¡±

   ¡°Of course not! Though, as I recall, you have had quite a few issues
with the system. You even considered not participating.¡±

   She had.
   Matchmaking was disappointingly unromantic, and inherently
problematic¡ªbut that was before¡­
   She couldn¡¯t think about it without wanting to throw up. And yet
her mind still flashed to a pair of beautiful teal eyes.
   Fitz had looked so adorably earnest¡ªso honest¡ªwhen he¡¯d said the
six words that changed everything.
   I want it to be you.
   The boy she¡¯d liked from the moment he¡¯d found her on her class
field trip and showed her where she truly belonged¡ªthe boy who was
so impossibly out of her league that it was almost laughable¡ªtold her
he wanted to see her name on his match lists. And whether she agreed
with matchmaking or not, she needed her name to be there so they
could be together.
   But she was unmatchable.
   ¡°Please,¡± she said again. ¡°There has to be a way to fix this.¡±
   ¡°I wish there were.¡±
   The sorrow in his voice sounded genuine.
   But that didn¡¯t help.
   ¡°I realize at your age,¡± he said carefully, ¡°dating and relationships
can feel like everything. But it¡¯s truly only one small fraction of your life
¡ªand something you definitely don¡¯t need to be rushing into. Perhaps
in a few hundred years¡ª¡±
   ¡°A few hundred years,¡± Sophie repeated, suddenly despising the
elves¡¯ indefinite life span with the passion of a thousand fiery suns.
   It didn¡¯t matter how he was planning to finish that sentence. In a
few hundred years, everyone she knew would already be matched up.

   Actually, they¡¯d probably all be matched in the next decade. Fitz
definitely would be. Even with all the drama surrounding his family, he
was still basically elvin royalty. And he was handsome, and charming,
and talented, and sweet, and thoughtful, and powerful, and¡ª

   ¡°Time is relative,¡± Mr. Forkle said, interrupting her mental
swooning. ¡°Things can feel so urgent, and yet be so small in the grand
scheme. I realize that¡¯s a difficult concept to grasp at such a young age
¡ªand I¡¯m sure it¡¯s even harder for you, given your upbringing.¡±

   ¡°The upbringing you forced on me,¡± she spat back at him.
   ¡°Yes, that is one of the few things we didn¡¯t give you a choice in.
And yet, I suspect you wouldn¡¯t trade the time you spent with your
human parents and sister.¡±
   ¡°I wouldn¡¯t,¡± she conceded. ¡°But that doesn¡¯t mean I don¡¯t deserve
to know who my biological family is¡ªespecially since not knowing
them ruins everything.¡±
   ¡°Not everything,¡± he corrected. ¡°And not ruins. It simply complicates
certain things.¡±
   Sophie shook her head.
   It would ruin what she had with Fitz. That was more than enough.
   ¡°Please don¡¯t do this to me,¡± she whispered to him as Flori started
humming again, trying to keep her calm.
   Mr. Forkle dragged a palm down his face. ¡°I¡¯m not doing anything.
We¡¯re just¡­ at an impasse. And I wish I could change that. But right
now, this is where we must stand¡ªand given everything going on, I¡¯m
begging you to put this out of your mind. You cannot let it distract you
from everything we¡¯ve been discussing. Focus on the dwarves. There¡¯s
too much at stake. Too many people we care about who could get hurt.
I know you¡¯re smart enough to see that, so I won¡¯t say any more.¡±
   Sophie turned away, counting her breaths and willing herself not to
cry. But she could still feel the tears burning behind her eyes as Mr.
Forkle tilted her chin back toward him.

   ¡°You¡¯re the strongest, most resourceful person I¡¯ve ever known,
Miss Foster. And after everything you¡¯ve survived, I know you can
survive this.¡±

   He was wrong.
   This was officially too much.
   But¡­
   Maybe he was also right.
   She was strong and resourceful.
   And she wasn¡¯t backing down.
   She¡¯d spent the last few years learning how to focus on multiple
challenges at the same time. She had multitasking down to an art.
   So she let him lead her and her bodyguards into the sunlit meadow
and pulled her home crystal out from under her tunic. She had to light
leap out of there fast, before he caught a glimpse of the new plan
forming in her mind.
   If he wouldn¡¯t tell her who her genetic parents were, she¡¯d find the
answer herself.
                    TWO

SO HOW¡¯D IT GO?¡± GRADY called as Sophie and her bodyguards

glittered onto the flower-lined path at Havenfield¡ªand it took Sophie
a second to spot her adoptive father standing near the triceratops pen,
along with her adoptive mother, Edaline.

   Havenfield was one of the rehabilitation centers for the Sanctuary,
so there was always an abundance of bizarre animals milling about the
lush pastures that stretched all the way to the steep ocean cliffs
bordering the property. And one of Sophie¡¯s favorite creatures was
bounding around Grady and Edaline on wobbly legs, flapping his blue-
tipped wings and shaking his gleaming mane.

   Wynn wasn¡¯t just adorable. He was a true miracle baby, since he and
his twin sister, Luna, were the first alicorns to ever be born in the Lost
Cities. And with their birth nearly two weeks earlier, they¡¯d doubled
the population of their severely endangered species and reset the
Timeline to Extinction. Both the babies and their mama had only
survived the incredibly high-risk delivery thanks to the help of the
trolls and Luzia Vacker¡ªwhich was one of the reasons the Council
kept struggling to find the right punishment for what happened with
the illegal hive at Everglen.

   The line between hero and criminal was sometimes very gray.
   ¡°What¡¯s all that for?¡± Sophie asked, pointing to the large spool of
glowing wire that Grady was holding, and the bulging sack Edaline
had slung over one of her shoulders.
   Grady tipped his chin toward Wynn. ¡°The gnomes are helping us
baby-alicorn-proof the gorgodon enclosure, since this guy seems to
think the gorgodon is his new best friend¡ªand it turns out he¡¯s
scrawny enough to wriggle through the bars.¡±

   ¡°I nearly had a heart attack when I found him trotting around in
there this morning,¡± Edaline added as Wynn reared back with a
whinny.

   ¡°Is he okay?¡± Sophie asked, sprinting over and searching Wynn¡¯s
silvery body for signs of injury.

   ¡°He¡¯s fine,¡± Edaline assured her, stroking Wynn¡¯s forehead right
where his nubby horn jutted out of his wild mane. ¡°Don¡¯t ask me how,
but he didn¡¯t get a scratch on him.¡±

   Sophie couldn¡¯t understand it either. The gorgodon was the last of
the mutant hybrid beasts that Lady Gisela had created as creepy guard
dogs for her version of the Nightfall facility. Part flareadon, part
gorgonops, part eurypterid, and part argentavis¡ªit was huge, ugly, and
as deadly as possible. It could fly, could breathe underwater, and had
enormous claws, fangs, and a stinging scorpion tail. The gnomes were
always fixing giant gouges in the bars from the beast thrashing against
its cage¡ªand feeding time was super challenging.

   ¡°Will that really be strong enough?¡± Sophie asked, frowning at the
glowing wire. It looked so thin, she had a feeling even her weak right
hand could bend it.

   ¡°Oh yeah.¡± Grady shook the spool, filling the air with a clinking
noise that reminded Sophie of ringing bells. ¡°This is iron tempered
with lumenite. Even an angry T. rex couldn¡¯t break it.¡±

   ¡°But you might also want to let Silveny know what her son¡¯s been
up to,¡± Edaline suggested. ¡°Wynn¡¯s already tried to sneak back to the
gorgodon three times since I lured him out of there, and I think a nice
long mama lecture will put some proper fear into him.¡±
   Sophie nodded.
   One of the many unique aspects of her enhanced telepathy was her
ability to communicate with animals¡ªand Silveny was particularly
easy to understand, because the Black Swan loosely modeled Sophie¡¯s
genetic enhancements on alicorn DNA. She almost wished she could
tell that to the matchmakers and see if it made them decide that her
biological parents didn¡¯t matter, since her genes had been so
drastically manipulated. Which showed how desperate she was, if
becoming ¡°the horse girl¡±¡ªon official record¡ªsuddenly sounded
appealing.
   ¡°Everything okay?¡± Edaline asked, her turquoise eyes narrowing
and her delicate eyebrows pressing together. It was a look she¡¯d been
giving Sophie a lot lately. Ever since Sophie had stepped out of the
matchmakers¡¯ office empty-handed. And Sophie had a feeling it meant
her parents had guessed that something had happened in Atlantis¡ªbut
she was hoping their theory had to do with her changing her mind
about registering and being too embarrassed to admit it.
   She was determined to avoid clarifying the situation for as long as
she possibly could.
   ¡°You didn¡¯t answer Grady¡¯s question about how it went with Mr.
Forkle,¡± Edaline reminded her.
   Sophie shrugged. ¡°It was Mr. Forkle. How do you think it went?¡±
   Grady grinned. ¡°That bad, huh?¡±
   ¡°Pretty much.¡± She told them about the weird egg-shaped office, the
3-D map of the Lost Cities, and Mr. Forkle¡¯s theory about the dwarves
being the Neverseen¡¯s next target¡ªbut couldn¡¯t bring herself to repeat
his fears about Tam. She also decided not to mention the fact that she
and her friends might be attacked much more personally.
   ¡°That¡¯s more information than he usually gives you,¡± Edaline noted
when Sophie had finished.
   ¡°I know. But¡­ it still feels like we¡¯ve narrowed it down from a
million possibilities to a thousand¡ªand that¡¯s assuming Mr. Forkle¡¯s
even right.¡±

   ¡°I think he is,¡± Grady said, his gaze focusing on some invisible point
in the distance. ¡°It would explain some of the things I¡¯ve been looking
into with the dwarves.¡±

   ¡°What things?¡± Sophie asked, glancing at Edaline, who looked
equally curious.

   Grady blew out a breath, knocking a few strands of his blond hair
off of his forehead. ¡°I¡¯m not sure how much I¡¯m allowed to share. My
assignments were classified¡ªand I¡¯m not saying I won¡¯t tell you, so no
need to give me that look, kiddo. I just think I should speak with the
Council first, to save us a whole lot of drama. I¡¯ll head to Eternalia as
soon as I make sure Wynn can¡¯t become a gorgodon snack.¡±

   Wynn nickered in protest.
   ¡°The gnomes and I can finish up without you,¡± Edaline offered,
reaching for his bundle of glowing wire.
   Grady pivoted away. ¡°This is much heavier than it looks.¡±
   ¡°So?¡±
   When he still wouldn¡¯t hand it to her, Edaline snapped her fingers,
making the spool disappear. Edaline was a Conjurer, so she could pull
things back and forth through the void¡ªor hide something in the
nothingness and drag it back when she needed it.
   A second snap did the same to the sack she¡¯d had over her shoulder.
   ¡°Should¡¯ve thought of that earlier,¡± Edaline said, smoothing her
amber-colored hair. ¡°Sometimes I forget that I don¡¯t have to do things
the way you do.¡±
   Sophie occasionally had the same problem. It didn¡¯t always feel
natural to rely on her abilities¡ªand she was even worse at
remembering to use any of her elvin skills. Things like telekinesis,
levitating, channeling, darkness vision, breath control, and body
temperature regulation were all feats that every single elf was capable
of achieving. But their world put so much emphasis on special abilities
that people rarely used their skills¡ªor even thought about them¡ªand
that was turning out to be a dangerous mistake. Particularly since the
Neverseen made their members train in their skills every day.

   Fitz and Biana¡¯s traitorous older brother, Alvar, had even used
breath control and body temperature regulation to cheat death in the
troll hive at Everglen. And Sophie was dreading the day she¡¯d have to
face him again. She hadn¡¯t trusted Alvar, but¡­ she hadn¡¯t been as
suspicious of him as she should¡¯ve been either. So she¡¯d stopped Fitz
from knocking Alvar unconscious when Alvar started acting strange
on the night of the Celestial Festival.

   A tiny part of her wasn¡¯t sure if Fitz had truly forgiven her for that
mistake¡ªand she wouldn¡¯t blame him if he hadn¡¯t. Alvar had been the
one to let the Neverseen in through Everglen¡¯s gates and brought them
to the illegal troll hive. He¡¯d claimed he was trying to expose the
¡°Vacker legacy,¡± but Sophie still didn¡¯t understand exactly what that
meant. It felt like there was still some larger revelation coming¡ªand
knowing Alvar, it wasn¡¯t going to be good news.

   ¡°Go shower and change,¡± Edaline told Grady, brushing green Verdi
feathers off of his black tunic. ¡°You can¡¯t meet with the Council
smelling like a wet dinosaur.¡±

   ¡°See, and I think that¡¯ll make it more fun,¡± Grady countered. But he
headed toward their shimmering glass-and-gold manor without
further protest.

   ¡°And you should tell your friends to come over,¡± Edaline said to
Sophie. ¡°That way they¡¯re here when Grady gets home and fills you in
on what he¡¯s been working on.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, that¡¯d probably save some time,¡± Sophie agreed.
   Her voice was a touch too high-pitched, though, and Edaline¡¯s eyes
narrowed again. ¡°You haven¡¯t had anyone over in more than a week¡­,¡±
she said slowly.

   ¡°I haven¡¯t?¡± Sophie asked, trying Keefe¡¯s trick of answering
questions with questions.

   It didn¡¯t work.
   ¡°Nope. Not since we came home from Atlantis.¡± Edaline added an
eyebrow raise to hint at the part she wasn¡¯t saying.
   Sophie focused on stroking Wynn¡¯s velvet-soft nose.
   ¡°I thought you would¡¯ve at least wanted to spend a little time with
Fitz,¡± Edaline pressed. ¡°The last time he was here¡ª¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Sophie interrupted, trying not to think about how tightly
Fitz had held her as he¡¯d spun her around to celebrate the safe arrival
of Wynn and Luna.
   She knew she couldn¡¯t hide her ¡°unmatchable¡± status forever¡ª
especially since she and Fitz were Cognates, and the rare telepathic
connection required absolute honesty in order to work most
effectively. But¡­ she¡¯d been trying to hold off on telling him until she
had an actual solution to share. And she¡¯d wasted too much time
counting on Mr. Forkle, so now she needed to come up with a plan for
finding out who her genetic parents were¡ªfast.
   And sadly, she didn¡¯t have much to go on. The only clues Mr. Forkle
had given her over the years were that her genetic parents had no
connection to each other, and hadn¡¯t been told who the other was¡ª
which meant she¡¯d have to look for them individually, instead of
searching for a couple. He¡¯d also sworn that he wasn¡¯t her genetic
father, since there¡¯d been a time when she¡¯d wondered. And he¡¯d ruled
out the two other theories she¡¯d come up with: Grady and Edaline¡¯s
daughter, Jolie, and Councillor Kenric.
   Of course, that was assuming he¡¯d actually told her the truth about
any of that, which was a fifty-fifty bet.

   And even without all the matchmaking misery, she honestly wasn¡¯t
sure how to act around Fitz. They weren¡¯t dating¡ªbut they weren¡¯t not
dating either. Some of their friends knew. Some suspected. And at least
one might not be very excited when he found out for sure.

   Basically, everything was a mess, and the whole ¡°romance¡± thing
was turning out to be way less awesome than it had looked in human
TV shows and movies.

   Edaline sighed. ¡°I wish you¡¯d tell me what¡¯s going on. I know
there¡¯s something.¡±

   ¡°I can tell you,¡± Bo offered, reminding Sophie why he was her least
favorite bodyguard.

   ¡°No, you can¡¯t,¡± Sandor snapped. ¡°Our ability to protect Miss Foster
would be severely hindered if she felt she couldn¡¯t speak freely around
us.¡±

   ¡°Does that mean all three of you know what she¡¯s not saying?¡±
Edaline asked Sandor, Bo, and Flori.

   ¡°I¡¯m just worried about Tam,¡± Sophie jumped in, trying to distract
with a different confession. ¡°Mr. Forkle thinks the Neverseen are
going to force Tam to do something really bad, so he wants us to focus
on Tam¡¯s strengths when we¡¯re trying to figure out their plan. And I¡¯m
not sure how everyone¡¯s going to feel about that.¡±

   Edaline wrapped her arm around Sophie¡¯s shoulders. ¡°I¡¯m sure
they¡¯ll feel the same way you do: anxious for their friend¡ªbut also
eager to do whatever it takes to get Tam out of there safely. Just like
you guys did when Keefe was in the same position.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, but Keefe was different. He chose to run off and join the
Neverseen without anyone threatening him.¡± He¡¯d foolishly thought he
could take them down by pretending to be on their side. ¡°And he had
nothing to lose. Tam has Linh.¡±

   ¡°I think Keefe had more to lose than you realize,¡± Edaline said, her
lips curling into one of those annoying parent smiles that always
seemed to say, You¡¯ll understand when you¡¯re older. ¡°He still does. But
my point was, he got out of there before it was too late.¡±

   ¡°Barely,¡± Sophie mumbled.
   And Lady Gisela had claimed that the real reason Keefe remained
alive was because he was her son and benefited from her protection.
   Tam didn¡¯t have that advantage.
   ¡°It¡¯s a tricky situation,¡± Edaline admitted. ¡°But the good news is,
Tam has a group of smart, dedicated friends to help him through this
¡ªand I¡¯m sure they¡¯re just as eager to get to work as you are. So don¡¯t
be afraid to lean on them.¡±
   Sophie nodded, watching Wynn chase his tail in stumbling circles.
¡°I guess I should hail them and explain what¡¯s going on.¡±
   She could hear the dread in her voice and was certain Edaline had
picked up on it. But Edaline didn¡¯t bring it up as she kissed Sophie¡¯s
cheek and lowered her arm.
   ¡°I should get over to the gorgodon enclosure and see how the
gnomes are doing,¡± Edaline said, taking a couple of steps down the
path before she turned back to Sophie. ¡°Oh, but in case you were
wondering, I know there¡¯s still something you¡¯re not telling me. And if
you don¡¯t want to talk about it, that¡¯s fine. I¡¯m not going to pressure
you. But I figured I should at least tell you that I¡¯m onto you.¡±
   She said it with a smile, but Sophie still had to fight the urge to tug
out an itchy eyelash¡ªher much-too-noticeable nervous habit.
Discussing boy troubles with her mom was about as fun as being
dropped into a pile of sparkly alicorn poop.
   Plus¡­
   Grady and Edaline had already lived through all kinds of bad match
drama with Brant and Jolie¡ªand it had not ended well. She didn¡¯t want
her situation to send them back to the miserable place they¡¯d been in
when she first met them.

   ¡°You can tell me anything,¡± Edaline assured her, as if she¡¯d guessed
part of Sophie¡¯s worries. ¡°I realize I haven¡¯t always been as strong as
you needed me to be¡ª¡±

   ¡°You¡¯re very strong,¡± Sophie interrupted, scrambling for an
explanation that wouldn¡¯t hurt Edaline¡¯s feelings. ¡°I just¡­ want to be
strong too.¡±

   Edaline stepped closer, taking Sophie¡¯s gloved hands. ¡°You¡¯re the
strongest person I¡¯ve ever met. I know you can handle anything. But
you¡¯re carrying such heavy burdens for someone so young. I wish you¡¯d
unload some of them on me. I understand if you¡¯d rather face it alone. I
guess I just want you to know that you don¡¯t have to.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s heart felt like it was pressing against her throat, and for a
second, she was tempted to blurt out everything. But¡­ she was also
worried about how Grady and Edaline would react to her plan to fix
her matchmaking situation.

   They¡¯d never been bothered by her connection to her human
parents, but her biological parents might be a different story. They
were elves, living somewhere in the Lost Cities. And once Sophie knew
who they were, it would probably change things. Not that she¡¯d want
to live with either of them¡ªor even want to talk to them, honestly.

   These were people who¡¯d been okay with letting their child be part
of an experiment, knowing it would likely put her in constant danger.
People who¡¯d let her grow up in a forbidden world without them.
People who hadn¡¯t made any attempt at contacting her now that she
was back in the Lost Cities. In fact, for all she knew, she saw them all
the time and they never gave her the slightest clue that she meant
anything to them.

   Probably because she didn¡¯t.
   She wasn¡¯t their daughter.
   She was the Black Swan¡¯s creation.
   And as far as Sophie was concerned, they were nothing more than
DNA donors.
   That was why she didn¡¯t care about Mr. Forkle¡¯s reasons for keeping
their identities secret. Her genetic parents chose to be a part of Project
Moonlark. Nobody forced them to do it. So if having people know
about their involvement caused problems for them, that was their own
fault.
   She shouldn¡¯t have to deal with a lifetime of scorn just to protect
them from facing the consequences of their decision.
   ¡°Well,¡± Edaline said, straightening up, ¡°you know where to find me
if you need me.¡±
   ¡°Same,¡± Sophie told her, turning to Wynn and transmitting an order
to stay far, far away from the gorgodon.
   The tiny alicorn responded with a bouncy nicker that wasn¡¯t very
reassuring.
   Sophie was definitely going to need to have a chat with Silveny
about her son¡¯s poor survival instincts. But she had bigger things to
focus on as she headed inside. Havenfield¡¯s elegant mansion
overlooked the ocean, and Sophie spent the climb up to her third-floor
bedroom watching the waves through the etched glass walls and trying
to figure out how she was going to tell her friends about Tam.
   But even after Sandor, Bo, and Flori had finished their endless
security sweep¡ªinspecting every closet, shadow, and petal in her
flowered carpet¡ªshe still hadn¡¯t found the right words. In fact, the
more she¡¯d repeated Mr. Forkle¡¯s plan in her head, the more pointless
it had started to sound.

   Why would she sit around brainstorming ways that Tam¡¯s power
could be used against her and her friends, when she could reach out to
him the same way she used to reach out to Keefe when he was with the
Neverseen and see if Tam could tell her anything that might help?

   She hadn¡¯t tried to contact him before, because she hadn¡¯t wanted to
put Tam in a difficult situation. But if Mr. Forkle was right, then Tam
was already in so far over his head that it¡¯d be worth the risk.

   And it was certainly a lot smarter than wasting weeks or months on
theories that might not even be on the right track.

   Before she could change her mind, she plopped down on her
enormous canopied bed and stared at the crystal stars dangling from
her ceiling, watching them sparkle in the bright afternoon sunlight as
she gathered her mental strength. The warm energy churned inside
her head, humming as it grew stronger and stronger and stronger. And
when she could feel it buzzing against the backs of her eyes, she
shoved it out of her head, along with the loudest call she could muster.

   TAM¡ªCAN YOU HEAR ME? IT¡¯S SOPHIE!
   She repeated the words over and over, imagining the force like thick
syrup pouring across the sky in every direction¡ªcovering the world.
And as her consciousness spread, she closed her eyes and tried to feel
for¡­
   Actually, she wasn¡¯t sure.
   She hadn¡¯t communicated telepathically with Tam very often, so she
didn¡¯t know how to recognize his thoughts the way she could with Fitz
and Keefe.
   TAM! PLEASE, I NEED TO TALK TO YOU!
   A headache prickled the edge of her consciousness, but she gave
herself several long, slow breaths and timed her next transmissions
with each exhale, keeping the message shorter to save her energy.
   Tam.
   Tam!
   TAM!
   Still nothing¡ªand she could feel her concentration draining to the

dregs.
   If Fitz were there, he could¡¯ve given her a mental boost, the way he

always did when they worked together. But she¡¯d let her silly
matchmaking worries keep him away. She had to stop that¡ªhad to
figure out how to keep things balanced and¡ª

   Sophie?
   The voice was a ghost in the shadows¡ªcold and whispery.
   TAM!
   Yeah. But I shouldn¡¯t be talking to you like this. It¡¯s way too dangerous.
   I know, but¡ª
   There¡¯s no ¡°but,¡± Tam interrupted, and the feel of his thoughts
shifted with the words, like the darkness was crystalizing into ice.
Gethen checks my memories constantly.
   Sophie¡¯s heart screeched to a stop.
   She¡¯d forgotten that the Neverseen¡¯s only Telepath had been in the
Black Swan¡¯s custody when Keefe had been living with the enemy. So
they hadn¡¯t had to worry about anyone discovering their conversations
unless someone caught them in the act and somehow figured out what
was happening.
   They also hadn¡¯t had to worry about Keefe unwittingly revealing
anything he wasn¡¯t supposed to.
   Has Gethen probed your mind? she asked, trying to keep the
transmission as quiet as possible.
   Of course. That was the first thing he did.
   Bile burned Sophie¡¯s throat.
   Probing was a type of deep mental search that could uncover pretty
much anything when performed by a skilled Telepath.

   And Tam knew all of their secrets.
   All.
   Of.
   Them.
   So if Gethen had probed his mind¡­
   Then the Neverseen now knew that Sophie was an Enhancer. And
that Mr. Forkle was still technically alive¡ªand that Magnate Leto and
Sir Astin were two of his alter egos. And that Granite and Squall¡ªtwo
other members of the Black Swan¡¯s Collective¡ªwere Sir Tiergan and
Juline Dizznee. And they knew every single lead that Sophie and her
friends had uncovered¡ªand everything they didn¡¯t know as well, like
how to open Councillor Kenric¡¯s cache if they ever got their hands on
the real one again. And how little Sophie had learned, from healing
Prentice¡¯s mind and from searching Wylie¡¯s memories, about what had
happened the day Wylie¡¯s mom died.
   This is so bad, she thought, reaching up to rub her temples.
   Did Tam know where they¡¯d hidden her human family after they¡¯d
rescued them from Nightfall?
   And how much did he know about the security at Havenfield?
   Were Silveny, Greyfell, and the babies still safe there?
   I¡¯m sorry, Tam¡¯s mind murmured, and the frigidness of his voice
thawed a little. I tried to block him, but¡­ Gethen¡¯s too powerful.
   He was.
   Sophie had faced off against him several times, and it had never
gone well¡ªand she was a Telepath with an impenetrable mind.
   It¡¯s not your fault, she promised, wanting to punch herself for not
figuring this out earlier. If she had, they could¡¯ve started taking
precautions from the moment Tam had left.
   Actually, she should¡¯ve thought of it before he turned himself over.
Maybe he wouldn¡¯t have gone if he¡¯d known how much he was going
to compromise the Black Swan in the process. After all, Tam had been
to some of the Black Swan¡¯s hideouts. He knew the oath they made
when they swore fealty, and what weapons and fighting techniques
Sophie and her friends had been practicing during their battle
training, and¡ª

   Yeah, Tam thought, interrupting her ever-spiraling panic. Now you
get why I can¡¯t talk. He¡¯s going to know everything you tell me, and he¡¯s
already learned enough.

   Okay. She took a deep breath, reminding herself that she couldn¡¯t
change what had already happened.

   Time to focus on damage control.
   You can still tell ME something, she reminded him. Even if they know
you told me, they¡¯ll have to change their plans¡ªand that¡¯ll buy us some time.
   His thoughts froze again. Uh, you think they tell me anything
important?
   There must be something. Maybe some clue to where you are, like a
landmark you recognize?
   Nope. I¡¯m in a cave. All I¡¯ve seen are rocks.
   What color are they?
   They¡¯re rocks, Sophie. There¡¯s nothing special about them.
   Are you sure it¡¯s a cave and not somewhere underground?
   Underground might mean he was close to Loamnore.
   I don¡¯t know. All I can tell is that it¡¯s dark and stuffy.
   So it¡¯s hot? Like¡­ maybe you¡¯re in a desert?
   I seriously have no idea. The Neverseen are smart. They¡¯re not going to let
me learn anything that would give their hideout away. His mental voice
stayed soft and whispery, but there was a sharpness to his thoughts
that Sophie had never experienced. It felt like each word was a shard of
darkness, slicing into her head.

   But she wasn¡¯t going to let him scare her away. Have you met any
other members of the order?

   A couple¡ªbut they wear cloaks and use code names, and barely say two
words to me when we train, so I can¡¯t tell you anything about them.

   Wait¡ªyou¡¯re training with them? Does that mean there¡¯s another Shade?
   No. I don¡¯t know what these guys can do. Or maybe they¡¯re female. I can¡¯t
tell. Lady Gisela keeps me alone in a corner, practicing from Umber¡¯s
journals.
   A shiver rippled down Sophie¡¯s spine. Umber had journals?
   Lots of them. And I have to work through all of her exercises.
   Well¡­ that was terrifying.
   What kind of exercises? Sophie asked¡ªand when he hesitated, she
added, Shadowflux training, right?
   Obviously.
   The response bothered her more than a single word should¡ªbut it
was the icy confidence behind it.
   The Tam she knew had been reluctant to train in the dark element.
Almost afraid of its strange power. And now he sounded¡­ proud.
   You need to be careful, she warned him. You don¡¯t know how Umber¡¯s
training will affect you. She was one of the creepiest people I¡¯ve ever met.
   The bones in her hand throbbed, remembering the way Umber had
shattered them one by one.
   I AM being careful, Tam assured her. But the training is unavoidable.
   Then tell me what they¡¯re having you do so I can figure out what they¡¯re
planning and get you out of there. You¡¯re already going to be in trouble for
talking to me, right? Why not make it worth it?
   Uh, because they can make their punishments WAY worse.
   Don¡¯t worry¡ªLinh¡¯s safe. Tiergan¡¯s added a ton of security to his house to
make sure of it.

   You and I both know that doesn¡¯t mean anything. And even if she IS okay
right now, they have plenty of ways they can punish ME.

   Sophie was certain they did. And she hated putting him in that
position. But leaving him with the Neverseen was feeling beyond
scary. She had to find a way to get him out of there, before they made
him do something terrifying.

   Please, she begged. You know what¡¯s at stake¡ªespecially if you¡¯re
studying Umber¡¯s journals.

   I DO know what¡¯s at stake. My sister¡¯s LIFE.
   The coldness wrapping each thought sank all the way to her bones.
We¡¯ll protect her.
   Yeah. I¡¯ve seen how well that protection works. I can¡¯t take that risk.
   So¡­ what? You¡¯ll just do whatever creepy things the Neverseen tell you to
do and hang the consequences?
   I don¡¯t know.
   That¡¯s not good enough!
   Well, it¡¯s going to have to be!
   Sophie locked her jaw to stop her teeth from chattering. I can
already feel a change in you, Tam. Just from your mind. I think Umber¡¯s
training is affecting you.
   I can handle it.
   You know Keefe said the same thing, right? Sophie asked.
   She¡¯d hoped that would knock some sense into him, given the
strange animosity between the two boys. But Tam¡¯s thoughts were
frozen claws as he said, I guess I get where he was coming from now.
   Tam¡ª
   No¡ªjust stop! You¡¯re making everything worse. Leave me alone. His
thoughts stirred like an arctic flurry.
   I can¡¯t do that.
   Well, you¡¯re going to have to. If you try reaching out to me again, I¡¯ll run
straight to Gethen so he can hear everything you say. I can¡¯t put Linh at risk.
   Meanwhile, you¡¯re putting Linh¡¯s safety ahead of everyone else¡¯s¡ªdo you
really think she wants you to do that?
   I don¡¯t care. I¡¯m her twin. Protecting her is my job. And I think you¡¯re
forgetting that I also saved Silveny and Greyfell¡ªand their babies¡ªby
agreeing to cooperate.
   I could¡¯ve saved them another way.
   How? I¡¯m sure you¡¯ve spent the last couple of weeks replaying what
happened over and over¡ªcan you honestly tell me you¡¯ve thought of
anything else that would¡¯ve cured them in time?
   She hadn¡¯t.
   But she couldn¡¯t admit that.
   You¡¯ve seen the kind of cruelty the Neverseen are capable of, Tam. You
really want to be a part of that?
   The mental flurry picked up speed, hurling each word at her. I don¡¯t
have a choice!
   There¡¯s always a choice!
   Well, right now, I¡¯m choosing to be done with this conversation.
   Tam¡ª
   No, it¡¯s time for you to leave me alone, Sophie. Get out of my head¡ªor
I¡¯ll make you go away.
   Tam, please¡ª
   The flurry spun into a hurricane¡ªa black storm crashing into her
brain. And Tam¡¯s booming voice was thunder amid the tempest.
   I¡¯M SORRY¡ªI DIDN¡¯T MEAN ANY OF THAT. I HAD TO PUT ON
A GOOD SHOW SO GETHEN WON¡¯T GET SUSPICIOUS WHEN HE
CHECKS MY MEMORIES LATER. AND I NEEDED TIME TO GATHER
THE SHADOWFLUX I¡¯M USING TO SHROUD THIS THOUGHT, SO
HE CAN¡¯T HEAR ANYTHING I¡¯M SAYING. HE¡¯LL PROBABLY STILL
BE ABLE TO SEE THAT I SENT SOMETHING, SO I CAN¡¯T TELL YOU
MUCH¡ªAND YOU CAN¡¯T REACH OUT TO ME LIKE THIS AGAIN.
IT¡¯S WAY TOO DANGEROUS FOR EVERYONE. JUST¡­ TRUST ME TO
HANDLE THIS. I HAVE THINGS UNDER CONTROL¡ªOR I WILL, IF
YOU DO ONE FAVOR FOR ME. I NEED YOU TO KEEP KEEFE
AWAY UNTIL THIS IS OVER. IF YOU CAN¡¯T CONVINCE HIM TO
COOPERATE, MAKE UP A FAKE PROJECT TO DISTRACT HIM. OR
LOCK HIM UP SOMEWHERE IF YOU HAVE TO. I DON¡¯T CARE.
JUST DON¡¯T LET HIM GET NEAR THE NEVERSEEN¡ªAND
DEFINITELY DON¡¯T LET HIM GET NEAR ME.

   Why not? Sophie asked, struggling to pick his words out of the
frozen chaos. Her heart was pounding as hard as her head, drowning
out everything with the thump! thump! thump!

   But she still managed to catch when Tam said, BECAUSE HIS MOM
ORDERED ME TO KILL HIM.
                   THREE

WHAT? SOPHIE TRANSMITTED¡ªthough she should¡¯ve asked, WHEN?

   Or, HOW?
   Actually, the best question would¡¯ve been, WHY? But it didn¡¯t
matter.
   The storm faded from her mind, and her connection to Tam
vanished with it. Only a few wisps of shadow remained, swirling
around her brain like icy smoke. But instead of dissipating, the inky
threads coiled together, twisting and tangling with glimmers of
darkness she¡¯d thought were long since buried and gone. Morphing
into something black and shivery and much too familiar.
   Sophie shook her head¡ªhard¡ªand ripped her eyes open, hoping
the burning light could sear away the darkness before it took over.
She¡¯d spent months haunted by an eerie shadow beast¡ªher mind¡¯s
way of processing the lingering echoes from the shadowflux she¡¯d been
exposed to during Umber¡¯s attack. And there was no way she was
letting that terrifying monster come back to life.
   But the shadows sharpened and stretched. Growing claws and
fangs.
   ¡°Flori!¡± she shouted, never so grateful to have the loyal gnome
stationed outside of her doorway.
   ¡°What¡¯s wrong?¡± Flori asked as she rushed to Sophie¡¯s side.
   Sophie curled into a ball, hugging Ella¡ªthe bright blue Hawaiian-
shirt-wearing stuffed elephant she¡¯d brought with her from her human
life. ¡°I need you to sing that song you wrote to quiet the echoes.¡±
   Flori clearly had lots of questions, but said nothing as she reached
for Sophie¡¯s face, brushing her fingers softly down Sophie¡¯s cheeks and
humming the first notes of the melody. She sang the lyrics in an
ancient, earthy language that slipped under Sophie¡¯s skin, turning
warm and wonderful as each verse sank into her mind and heart. And
as the air thickened with a sweet floral perfume, it felt like the sun rose
inside her, melting the cold darkness and flooding her with tingly
light.

   ¡°Did that help?¡± Flori whispered, studying Sophie with worried gray
eyes.

   ¡°I¡­ think so.¡± Sophie flexed the fingers on her right hand to test for
pain, breathing a sigh of relief when there wasn¡¯t any¡ªand the
weakness didn¡¯t feel like it had worsened. But as the last of the song¡¯s
warmth faded, a bone-deep weariness nestled in, making her wish she
could burrow under her blankets and soak up the sweet, heady scent
from the flowers growing across her canopy for the rest of the day.
Each of the four types of blossoms had inspired part of the lyrics for
the healing verses, and the vines had grown much more fragrant with
Flori¡¯s singing.

   But Tam¡¯s message had left a different type of echo¡ªthe kind
where the words kept crashing around in her head, knocking loose
stabbing slivers of worry. And while her brain wanted to rebel¡ª
wanted to scream that there had to be some horrible misunderstanding
¡ªit also kept repeating what Mr. Forkle had said about Tam earlier.

   They¡¯re going to use him to strike at you where you¡¯re most vulnerable.
   ¡°Easy,¡± Flori warned as Sophie stumbled to her feet.
   ¡°What¡¯s going on?¡± Sandor demanded, catching Sophie by her
shoulders to hold her steady.
   ¡°Nothing,¡± she assured him.
   ¡°That wasn¡¯t nothing,¡± Flori said gently. ¡°Something stirred your
echoes.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, but you fixed me.¡± She flashed a grateful smile, and Flori
gave her a green-toothed grin in return.

   But Sandor stopped her from pulling away. ¡°Where do you think
you¡¯re going?¡±

   ¡°I need to talk to Keefe.¡±
   His jaw locked with a furious click. ¡°What has that boy done now?¡±
   ¡°Nothing.¡± All of her bodyguards looked dubious¡ªwhich was fair,
considering the amount of chaos that Keefe had caused over the years.
¡°I¡¯m serious.¡±
   ¡°You were perfectly fine¡ªand then you started doing your Telepath
tricks, and suddenly you were begging for Flori¡¯s help,¡± Sandor argued.
¡°Don¡¯t expect me to believe the two have no connection.¡±
   ¡°They are connected,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°But I wasn¡¯t talking to
Keefe.¡±
   ¡°Then who were you talking to?¡± Bo called from the doorway.
   Sophie sighed, knowing the truth would cost her precious time. But
when she tried to pull free again, Sandor was much too strong. ¡°I¡­
reached out to Tam.¡±
   Sandor¡¯s grip tightened and he leaned back, studying her from head
to toe like he was searching for injuries. ¡°What did that traitor do to
you?¡±
   ¡°Nothing!¡±
   ¡°Stop using that word as your answer for everything!¡± he snapped.
   ¡°But it¡¯s true! And he¡¯s not a traitor!¡± She twisted free of his grasp¡ª
anger bringing back her strength. ¡°You know Tam. How can you call
him that?¡±
   And yet, even as she asked the question, she could hear Mr. Forkle
telling her, There are very few things Mr. Tam wouldn¡¯t do to protect his
sister.
   And that didn¡¯t even take into consideration how the shadowflux

might influence him.
   She wasn¡¯t going to forget the sharpness of his thoughts¡ªor the

chill¡ªfor a very long time.
   ¡°As your bodyguard, I must view anyone choosing to live with the

enemy as a traitor,¡± Sandor insisted. ¡°And what he did to you today
proves why that distinction is necessary.¡±

   ¡°He didn¡¯t do anything,¡± she argued, clinging to the reminder with
an iron grasp. ¡°He used shadowflux to pass along an important
warning¡ªat huge risk to himself. And I guess whatever¡¯s left of my
echoes reacted to it. It¡¯s not a big deal.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s a very big deal,¡± Sandor argued. ¡°He should¡¯ve known that
would happen and¡ª¡±

   ¡°Well, he didn¡¯t,¡± she interrupted. ¡°Or¡­ maybe he did and figured it
was worth the risk¡ªwhich is the same thing I did when I reached out
to him telepathically.¡±

   She was trying very hard not to think about what the Neverseen
might do to punish Tam for their conversation. Hopefully the show
Tam put on would convince Gethen that he¡¯d remained loyal.

   ¡°And it¡¯s a good thing we talked,¡± she added, ¡°because Mr. Forkle
was right. The Neverseen are planning to use Tam for something.
That¡¯s why I have to talk to Keefe.¡±

   Sandor blocked her as she headed for the door. ¡°You can hail Mr.
Sencen on your Imparter if you¡¯d like. But you¡¯re staying here. And
you¡¯re getting back into bed.¡±

   Sophie shook her head.
   This wasn¡¯t the kind of conversation she could have through a tiny
handheld screen. She needed to be there in person, to make sure that
Keefe was really listening¡ªand so he couldn¡¯t turn off his Imparter if
they ended up arguing.

   And to give him a good long hug if he needed it too.
   ¡°I¡¯ll rest when I get back,¡± she promised.
   ¡°Perhaps we should see how your mother feels about that plan,¡±
Sandor countered, blocking her again. ¡°Do you really think she¡¯d want
you leaving this room after how close you came to a major setback to
your recovery?¡±
   He had a point.
   But Sophie couldn¡¯t afford to be babied right now. ¡°I know my
limits. I wouldn¡¯t go if I couldn¡¯t handle it.¡±
   Sandor snorted. ¡°Right, because you never push yourself too hard.¡±
   ¡°Maybe it would help if you explained what¡¯s so urgent,¡± Flori
suggested when Sandor blocked Sophie yet again¡ªand she seriously
considered kicking him in the shin. ¡°What do you need to tell Mr.
Sencen that can¡¯t wait until morning?¡±
   Tam¡¯s horrible warning lodged in Sophie¡¯s throat, and she knew she
wouldn¡¯t have the energy to repeat the words more than once. So she
reached for her temples, pretending to feel faint, and waited until
Sandor moved to steady her¡ªthen launched past him with a spin move
that was shockingly graceful, given her general clumsiness.
   ¡°See?¡± she called over her shoulder. ¡°I¡¯m fine!¡±
   Bo raised his arms to barricade the door, but Sophie ducked
underneath, earning herself lots of growls as she raced up the stairs to
Havenfield¡¯s gleaming fourth-floor cupola, which existed mostly to
house the large sparkling orb hanging from the ceiling, made up of
hundreds of small round crystals dangling off nearly invisible cords.
   The Leapmaster 500.
   None of the crystals would take Sophie where she needed to go, but
they weren¡¯t the reason she¡¯d headed there.
   ¡°Absolutely not!¡± Sandor bellowed as she made her way to the
largest window and flipped the latch to open the glass. ¡°You¡¯re not
jumping off of any towers today.¡±

   ¡°I wasn¡¯t planning on jumping.¡±
   The fourth floor probably wasn¡¯t tall enough to give her the
momentum she¡¯d need to teleport, so she was going to have to levitate
higher first. Usually she leaped off of one of the cliffs at the edge of the
property, but this was closer and faster¡ªor it would¡¯ve been, if she
didn¡¯t have two gorilla-size bodyguards shoving their way in front of
her and forming a wall of impenetrable muscle.
   ¡°Tell. Me. What¡¯s. Going. On!¡± Sandor demanded.
   ¡°You¡¯ll find out when we get there.¡± A hint of a smirk curled her
lips when his scowl softened. ¡°What? You thought I wasn¡¯t going to
take you with me?¡±
   ¡°Past experience has shown that to be your preference,¡± he noted.
   ¡°Yeah, well, I¡¯ve learned to pick my battles. So can we go now? Or
do you want to keep wasting time and being super annoying?¡± She
offered him her left hand.
   Bo grabbed it first.
   ¡°We¡¯re just going to Keefe¡¯s house,¡± Sophie reminded him, trying to
wriggle free without losing her glove. ¡°I don¡¯t need to bring the whole
cavalry.¡±
   ¡°Nowhere is safe,¡± Bo argued.
   She couldn¡¯t necessarily disagree, considering all the ¡°safe¡± places
where she¡¯d ended up getting attacked over the last few years. But that
didn¡¯t change the basic physics of their situation. ¡°My levitating¡¯s only
strong enough to carry one of you.¡±
   ¡°Then you should bring me,¡± Bo insisted. ¡°My senses are far
superior. As are my fighting techniques.¡±
   Sandor snorted a squeaky laugh.
   ¡°If you go,¡± Sophie jumped in before she had to suffer through
another round of the ogres-versus-goblins debate, ¡°I¡¯m sure Keefe will
make you listen to more of The Ballad of Bo and Ro.¡±

   Bo¡¯s lips curled back, revealing his pointed teeth.
   His relationship with Keefe¡¯s ogre-princess bodyguard was equal
parts tumultuous and complicated, a fact that Keefe never missed an
opportunity to torment the two of them about¡ªgenerally in the form
of an epic poem that kept getting mushier with each new stanza. And
Sophie couldn¡¯t blame Keefe for the teasing. Not only did Bo¡¯s and
Ro¡¯s names rhyme, but it turned out that they were also secretly
married, thanks to a betrothal arranged by Ro¡¯s father¡ªKing Dimitar
¡ªin an attempt to protect them when his time as king was over. The
ogre seat of power was earned instead of inherited, and Dimitar didn¡¯t
want either of his top warriors fighting against each other in the
battles-to-the-death that would follow his surrender or demise¡ªnot
when they would be so much more powerful ruling together. So he
made them marry, hoping the alliance would spur one of them to back
down whenever the time came.
   Instead, they seemed even more intent on killing each other.
   ¡°The last verse I heard Keefe working on had a lot of Bo-Ro
snuggling,¡± Sophie added when Bo didn¡¯t let go. ¡°Pretty sure there was
some kissing, too.¡±
   Bo muttered an impressive string of ogre curses as he released her
arm. ¡°Fine. I¡¯ll remain behind¡ªbut tell Romhilda she needs to get
better control of her charge!¡±
   ¡°Oh sure, I¡¯ll get right on that.¡± She said it with enough sarcasm to
make it clear that he didn¡¯t exactly have a lot of control over his charge
either. ¡°Ready?¡± she asked Sandor.
   He reluctantly took her hand. ¡°I can¡¯t decide how I feel about the
strong-willed teenager you¡¯re becoming.¡±
   ¡°Neither can I,¡± Sophie admitted. Sometimes she felt so much
braver than the wide-eyed girl she¡¯d been when Fitz first brought her
to the Lost Cities. But deep down, she was just as terrified. Maybe
more so, now that she understood what she was up against.

   ¡°I trust you¡¯ll begin the evening patrols while we¡¯re gone?¡± Sandor
asked Bo¡ªthough it was more of an order than a request.

   Bo nodded. ¡°I expect a full report when you return.¡±
   ¡°Of course.¡± Sandor turned to Flori. ¡°And will you let Lady Ruewen
know where we¡¯ve gone, so she doesn¡¯t worry?¡±
   Flori dipped into a quick bow and turned to head down the stairs.
   ¡°Wait!¡± Sophie called after her as the much more pressing worry hit
her, and she wanted to smack herself for letting the echoes and Tam¡¯s
warning distract her. ¡°I need you to give her an urgent message. Tell
her that Gethen probed Tam¡¯s memories the first day they took him.¡±
   Sandor flinched. ¡°Does that mean what I think it means?¡±
   ¡°Unfortunately, yeah. The Neverseen know everything Tam knows.¡±
   More muttered curses filled the air¡ªa mix of ogre, goblin, and
gnomish words this time. And Sophie definitely shared their
sentiments.
   ¡°Would you like me to notify the Black Swan?¡± Flori offered.
   ¡°Probably smart.¡± Sophie shouldn¡¯t have been surprised that Flori
knew how to contact the Collective¡ªFlori¡¯s great-great-grandaunt
Calla had been part of the order, and part of Project Moonlark, before
she sacrificed herself to become the cure for her species in the form of
a Panakes tree.
   Calla had even been the one to choose Project Moonlark¡¯s name.
   ¡°I¡¯m assuming the news we¡¯re bringing Mr. Sencen is equally dire?¡±
Sandor asked quietly.
   Sophie nodded.
   She was still trying to wrap her head around it¡ªtrying to
understand what Lady Gisela could possibly be thinking with such a
cruel, unexpected order. But Tam had seemed pretty desperate, so
there was no way she was letting Keefe ignore the warning, no matter
how much he whined or resisted.

   ¡°Count on being there for a while,¡± she told Sandor.
   He heaved a squeaky sigh. ¡°And you¡¯re sure you¡¯re up for
teleporting?¡±
   ¡°Teleporting will be the easy part.¡± She glanced at the ground far
below, then closed her eyes, searching for the slight tug of gravity
coursing through her cells. If she concentrated hard enough on the
sensation, she could push against it with her mind and take control.
¡°Okay. Here we go. One¡­ two¡­ three!¡±
   Their feet floated off the ground¡ªslowly at first. Then much, much
faster. So fast, they would¡¯ve crashed into the Leapmaster if Sophie
hadn¡¯t done a whole lot of awkward flailing. That was the problem
with levitating. There was no traction in the air, so she was stuck
flapping her arms and kicking her legs like a fledgling flareadon until
the momentum dragged them out of the window. And once they were
clear of the cupola, the strong ocean winds took over, launching them
up so fast, Sandor made several squealy sounds that Sophie couldn¡¯t
wait to tease him about later.
   ¡°Please tell me we¡¯re high enough now,¡± he begged over the roar of
rushing air.
   Sophie peered down, trying to decide if it was the height or the
conversation ahead that was making her dizzy.
   SOPHIE! FRIEND! FLY! Silveny transmitted, nearly breaking
Sophie¡¯s concentration.
   Not today! Sophie told her, wishing she had more time. Flying with
Silveny was the best way to clear her head and let her biggest worries
go. Right now, I have to talk to Keefe!
   Even that high up, she could hear Silveny¡¯s giddy whinny. And as

her mind filled with a whole lot of KEEFE! KEEFE! KEEFE! Sophie
tried to share some of the mama alicorn¡¯s enthusiasm.

   But all she felt was dread as she let gravity take back over, dropping
them faster faster faster, until her concentration tore open the sky and
they crashed into the black nothingness of the void.

¡°Miss Foster,¡± Lord Cassius said, offering one of his unsettling, oily
smiles as he stepped aside to let Sophie and Sandor into his home.

   The Shores of Solace would¡¯ve lived up to its name if Keefe¡¯s dad
weren¡¯t such miserable company. The single sprawling level had
glistening mother-of-pearl walls and vine-draped arches that formed a
series of brightly lit rooms and sunbaked patios, all decorated in
soothing tones of blue and gray to match the panoramic ocean views
from every window. It truly was one of the most breathtaking estates
that Sophie had visited in the Lost Cities. But she always wished she
could leave the second she got there.

   ¡°I¡¯m assuming you¡¯re here to visit my son?¡± Lord Cassius asked,
smoothing his blond hair¡ªwhich was already immaculate. As were his
cream-colored jerkin and ruby-encrusted cape. ¡°He¡¯s in his room,
where he¡¯s supposed to be working through the empathy exercises I
created for him this morning. But I think we can safely assume he¡¯ll be
doing anything but what I¡¯ve asked.¡±

   That sounded like Keefe¡ªnot that Lord Cassius deserved Keefe¡¯s
cooperation.

   Father of the Year he most definitely was not.
   In fact, Sophie could barely look at him without wanting to fling
something at his head for every hurtful word he¡¯d ever said to his son.
Much like how she despised every gorgeous room in that house, since
Lord Cassius had hidden it for most of Keefe¡¯s life in order to use it as
an ¡°escape¡± from his family. Keefe was only living there now because
Lord Cassius had refused to provide crucial intel to find Sophie¡¯s
missing human parents unless Keefe agreed to move in¡ªand not
because he missed Keefe or was worried about Keefe living on his own.
He¡¯d simply wanted to put an end to the gossip about his runaway son
after Keefe fled the Neverseen.

   ¡°That way,¡± Lord Cassius told her, pointing to a polished driftwood
door at the end of a long, shimmering hallway.

   It took Sophie a second to realize the words were an invitation.
   The few other times she¡¯d visited Keefe, they¡¯d sat outside on the
cushioned swings dangling from the cover over the back patio. She¡¯d
never been in his room. And for some reason the idea of going there
made her cheeks warm.
   But she could feel Lord Cassius watching her, so she tilted her chin
up and motioned for Sandor to follow her down the hall, which was
dotted with shards of green, blue, and clear sea glass arranged in
swirling patterns.
   Her knock was wimpier than she meant it to be¡ªso wimpy that
there was a second where she wasn¡¯t sure if Keefe had actually heard
her. But then he called out, ¡°Back to nag me already? You seriously
need to get yourself a hobby. I hear spelunking¡¯s fun. Oooh, or you
could try swimming with the krakens! I doubt they¡¯d eat you¡ªbut
maybe we¡¯ll get lucky!¡±
   Which wasn¡¯t exactly a ¡°come in.¡± But Sophie still grabbed the
silver handle and turned it¡ªrealizing only as she was yanking the door
open that she should¡¯ve made sure Keefe was dressed before she
barged in.
   Thankfully, he was.
   Mostly¡­
   He lay sprawled across a huge bed that rested on a pedestal made of
lacy bleached coral, wearing fuzzy blue pajama bottoms covered in tiny
black gremlins, with his head propped against a familiar green gulon
stuffed animal.

   ¡°Foster?¡± he asked, jolting upright¡ªwhich only drew more
attention to the fact that he was currently shirtless. He crossed his
arms, his cheeks flushing with a hint of pink when his ice blue eyes
focused on her. ¡°I¡­ um¡­ what are you doing here?¡±

   Ro snickered from the corner, where she lounged on a cushioned
chaise, painting her claws the same purple she must have recently dyed
the ends of her choppy pink pigtails. ¡°Smooth, Lord Hunkyhair.
Smooooooooooooooooooth.¡±

   The nickname was a remnant from one of Keefe and Ro¡¯s many bets
¡ªthough it seemed especially fitting at the moment. Keefe¡¯s hair was
always artfully mussed, but there was something wilder about it than
usual, as if he¡¯d spent the morning swimming in the salty waves and let
it dry in the sun¡ªand the beachy look really worked for him.

   Not that Keefe needed improvement.
   All elves were jaw-droppingly gorgeous, but there was something
particularly handsome about Keefe Sencen¡ªand the boy was well
aware of it. Though he seemed a little off his game at the moment. His
smug smirk was noticeably absent as he scrounged around his
blankets, searching for something.
   ¡°Here,¡± Ro said, tossing Keefe a wrinkled black tunic from the floor.
¡°Bet you¡¯re wishing it didn¡¯t smell so much like sweaty boy in here,
huh?¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s fine,¡± Sophie promised, even if the room could definitely use
some airing out.
   A good cleaning would work wonders too. Everywhere she looked
were piles of crumpled clothes and scattered shoes and stacks of
papers and plates of half-eaten food. And all the thick curtains were
drawn tight, leaving the space dim and stuffy. The room was clearly
designed to be beautiful, with marble floors broken up by rugs woven
to look like pristine sand, and seafoam walls inlaid with starfish and
anemone shells. But under Keefe¡¯s care, it was a disaster zone. Even
the furniture had a strange randomness to the arrangement that made
Sophie wonder if he¡¯d moved it all just to bug his dad.

   ¡°Let this be a lesson to you,¡± Lord Cassius said as Keefe wrestled
with the tunic, which was refusing to turn right side out. ¡°You should
always keep your room¡ªand yourself¡ªat your best, since you never
know when you¡¯ll need to make an impression.¡±

   Keefe rolled his eyes. ¡°Whatever. Foster¡¯s used to me.¡±
   Sophie was.
   But she was also wishing he¡¯d get that tunic on. Her gaze kept
straying to the long thin scar just below his rib cage¡ªa gift from King
Dimitar after Keefe challenged the ogre king to a brutal sparring
match. Even though Keefe had pulled off a desperate victory, Sophie
had still been ready to strangle him for risking his life so recklessly.
They¡¯d had one of their worst fights afterward¡ªwhich did not bode
well for the conversation ahead.
   Lord Cassius cleared his throat. ¡°Well. My son may like to pretend
he¡¯s above everything. But I hope you won¡¯t hold his laziness against
him, Miss Foster. Or his sloppiness. I know how much he values your
friendship.¡±
   ¡°Keep it up, Dad, and Foster¡¯s going to get jealous of all the sweet
things you say about me. Not everyone gets to be so lucky, after all!¡±
   ¡°You are lucky,¡± Lord Cassius informed him. ¡°Far more than you
know.¡±
   ¡°Yep, everyone wishes they had my family.¡± Keefe yanked his tunic
over his head a little harder than necessary. ¡°And, uh, you can go now.¡±
   ¡°Oh, I can, can I?¡± Lord Cassius¡¯s mouth twitched in a way that
almost looked like he might be teasing¡ªand it made the resemblance
between father and son much stronger. ¡°Perhaps I should stay. We all
know the princess rarely serves as a proper chaperone.¡±

   ¡°I don¡¯t need to,¡± Ro said, adjusting her metal breastplate as she sat
up straighter. ¡°Gigantor does enough fun-killing for everybody. Plus,
our girl¡¯s still rocking the ¡®adorably oblivious¡¯ thing¡ªwhich, I gotta
say, gets less adorable by the day.¡± Her eyes narrowed at Sophie. ¡°I¡¯d
be happy to spell it all out for you if you want. We could make a pros
and cons list together!¡±

   ¡°Pros and cons of what?¡± Sophie asked.
   Ro sighed dramatically, glancing at Keefe as she said, ¡°See what I
mean?¡±
   Keefe threw Mrs. Stinkbottom at her head, but Ro swatted the
stuffed green gulon right back at him¡ªand when he ducked, it
knocked into one of the lanterns lining Keefe¡¯s bedside table, sending
it crashing to the floor.
   Sandor rubbed the center of his forehead. ¡°It¡¯s going to be a long
afternoon.¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± Lord Cassius agreed, ¡°and I think I¡¯ve endured all I can
manage. But I expect to be kept informed¡ªassuming Miss Foster is
here to discuss something of importance. If this visit is personal¡±¡ªhe
raised his eyebrows in a way that had Sophie fidgeting and Keefe
glowering¡ª¡°then I suppose the less I know, the better. But if it
pertains to the Black Swan, don¡¯t forget that I, too, am a member.¡±
   He was.
   And Sophie hated it.
   Joining the order had been another one of his conditions before he¡¯d
shared the information Sophie needed to rescue her human parents.
Leave it to Lord Cassius to barter with innocent lives in order to
further his own agenda.

   ¡°Then you can ask the Black Swan for an update,¡± Ro told him,
plucking one of the daggers from the holsters strapped to her thighs
and aiming it at Lord Cassius¡¯s head. ¡°Right now, it¡¯s time to go,
Daddio.¡±

   Lord Cassius narrowed his eyes. But he left without another word,
closing the door behind him.

   ¡°Sooo¡­,¡± Sophie said, dragging out the word as she stared at the
way her boots sank into the rug, which looked uncannily like stepping
on real sand. ¡°Sorry to drop by unannounced, but I¡ª¡±

   ¡°Hang on,¡± Keefe interrupted, sliding off his bed and tiptoeing
across his room. He paused near the door, pressing his finger to his
lips in the universal shhhhh sign before he grabbed the handle and
shoved his shoulder against the wood as hard as he could.

   A startled yelp echoed from the hallway, followed by a thud that
could only be the sound of a body hitting the floor.

   ¡°You have ten seconds before I let Ro unleash some of her new little
bacteria buddies on you,¡± Keefe warned as he slammed the door hard
enough to rattle the wall. ¡°I hear they leave a gnarly rash!¡± He waited
until the sound of footsteps had retreated down the hall before he
turned back to Sophie and lowered his voice. ¡°That won¡¯t keep him
away for long, so better spill it quick, Foster. Tell me why you have
that cute little crease between your eyebrows. And why I¡¯m feeling¡±¡ª
he waved his hands through the air¡ª¡°hmm. Feels like the usual mix of
worry, anger, and panic¡ªthough there¡¯s something underneath that¡¯s
a little¡­ I can¡¯t figure out how to describe it. Fluttery?¡±

   ¡°Oooh, let¡¯s focus on that one!¡± Ro jumped in. ¡°It¡¯ll be much more
interesting than all the blah-blah-blah-the-Neverseen-are-trying-to-
kill-everybody-blah-blah.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s not everybody this time,¡± Sophie corrected, trying to keep the
conversation on track. ¡°I mean¡­ I¡¯m sure that¡¯s still their plan for the
long run. But at the moment¡­¡±

   Her voice trailed off as she locked eyes with Keefe.
   How in the world was she supposed to tell him this?
   She couldn¡¯t just blurt out, Your mom ordered Tam to murder you¡ª
could she?
   But¡­ was there a delicate way of putting that?
   ¡°Aaaaaaaaaand the worry reaches the so-queasy-I-might-vomit
level,¡± Keefe said, clutching his stomach and dropping back onto his
bed. ¡°Gotta say, it¡¯s not my favorite emotion to share with you, Foster.
Seriously¡ªhow do you ever eat?¡±
   ¡°Sometimes it¡¯s not easy,¡± she admitted, swallowing the sour taste
in her mouth. ¡°And sorry.¡±
   She took a step back, trying to put some distance between them.
Most Empaths had to make physical contact in order to pick up what
someone was feeling. But Keefe was different¡ªwith her, at least. At
first she¡¯d thought it meant something about the strength of her
emotions, but Keefe¡¯s father was able to do the same thing¡ªand other
Empaths couldn¡¯t. So the Sencens also seemed to have extra-powerful
empathy.
   Keefe patted the empty side of the bed. ¡°I¡¯m fine, Foster. And
clearly you¡¯re going to need to sit down for this.¡± When she didn¡¯t
move toward him, he raised one eyebrow. ¡°Uh, it¡¯s not like we¡¯ve never
done the News of Doom thing before.¡±
   They had.
   Way too many times.
   But one of these days, they were going to hit his breaking point¡ª
and this could easily be the moment.
   ¡°Need me to calm you down?¡± he offered, holding out his hand.
   They¡¯d discovered that if she enhanced him, he could use his ability
to fill her mind with softly colored breezes and soothe her emotions.
But the last thing he should be doing right then was comforting her. So
she kept her gloves on as she made her way closer and sank onto the
edge of the bed, keeping as much space between them as possible.

   ¡°Okay,¡± she said, fussing with the frilly sleeves on her tunic. ¡°I¡­
talked to Tam today.¡±

   ¡°Ugh, I should¡¯ve known Bangs Boy was going to be a part of this,¡±
Keefe grumbled. ¡°And I¡¯m assuming by ¡®talked,¡¯ you mean one of your
Look-at-my-fancy-Telepath-tricks! kind of chats, right? Mommy
Dearest didn¡¯t send him to deliver a special message, did she?¡± He sat
up straighter. ¡°Wait. He didn¡¯t blow up anything, did he?¡±

   ¡°No, so far only you¡¯ve destroyed anything for the Neverseen,¡±
Sandor growled.

   He was, of course, referring to the time that Keefe exploded the
glass pyramid at Foxfire¡ªwhile Sophie was in it¡ªin order to prove his
loyalty to the Neverseen¡¯s cause. It¡­ hadn¡¯t been one of his better life
choices, even if he had given Sophie his cloak to make sure she¡¯d be
safe.

   Keefe bent down and snatched Mrs. Stinkbottom off the floor,
tossing the stuffed gulon from hand to hand like a furry basketball. ¡°So
what did good old Tammy have to say? Let me guess¡ªhe has no idea
where they¡¯re keeping him, and everyone¡¯s wearing cloaks and using
code names and ignoring his questions, so he¡¯s pretty much useless to
us.¡±

   ¡°Sorta,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°He managed to learn one thing.¡±
   ¡°And I¡¯m assuming it has to do with me¡ªand it¡¯s the reason for all
the vomit vibes floating around in here?¡± Keefe guessed.
   She nodded.
   He set Mrs. Stinkbottom on the bed between them. ¡°Then let¡¯s get
this over with, shall we? I¡¯m not sure my stomach can hold on much
longer. Just blurt it all out when I count to three¡ªit¡¯ll be fun!¡±

   It wouldn¡¯t. But he was trying so hard to make this easier for her
that she made herself agree. And when Keefe got to her cue, she held
his stare and told him everything, starting with the map in Mr. Forkle¡¯s
office and his theories about the dwarves, straight on to Tam¡¯s horrible
warning.

   Her throat felt raw by the time she¡¯d finished. And Keefe¡­
   Keefe was silent.
   So was Sandor¡ªthough he was scanning the room like he expected
Tam to jump out of the shadows any second.
   Ro was doing the same, but she was muttering a whole lot of
creative words under her breath.
   And Keefe just kept sitting there.
   Not talking.
   Or moving.
   Or blinking.
   Sophie grabbed Mrs. Stinkbottom and scooted closer, placing the
gulon in Keefe¡¯s lap in a pose where the shiny eyes seemed to look
right at him. She¡¯d had Elwin buy Keefe the so-ugly-it¡¯s-cute stuffed
animal back when he was struggling with the possibility that his mom
might¡¯ve been killed in an ogre prison, hoping it would help Keefe feel
a little less alone. And at the time, she¡¯d thought there couldn¡¯t be
anything harder than having to figure out how to mourn a mother
who¡¯d proven to be so terrible.
   But this was awful on a whole other level.
   ¡°I¡¯m sorry,¡± she murmured, reaching for his hand.
   Keefe watched her gloved fingers cover his palm, and for a second,
he turned his hand and held on as tight as he could. Then he sighed
and let go, scooting away from her. ¡°I¡¯m fine, Foster. We all knew this
was coming.¡±

   ¡°We did?¡± Ro asked, beating Sophie to the question.
   ¡°Uh, yeah.¡± Keefe stood so fast that Mrs. Stinkbottom made a
nosedive to the floor. ¡°I keep failing my mom¡¯s creepy tests, so it was
only a matter of time before she realized I was never going to ¡®fulfill
my legacy¡¯ or whatever. And once she figured that out, she¡¯d have to
get rid of me.¡±
   ¡°Why?¡± Sophie wondered.
   That was the part that kept tripping her up.
   Why was Keefe¡¯s mom being so extreme¡ªand why now, all of a
sudden?
   It wasn¡¯t like Lady Gisela hadn¡¯t had chances to take Keefe out
during their last few confrontations. She¡¯d had weapons aimed right at
his head and never came close to pulling the trigger.
   So what changed?
   And why make Tam do it when she could give the job to someone
reliably evil, like Vespera or Gethen?
   Keefe tapped one of his temples. ¡°Because if I¡¯m not on her side¡ª
and never will be¡ªthen I¡¯m a liability. I could piece together the
memories she took from me, find what she¡¯s hiding, and use that to
beat her.¡±
   ¡°I guess,¡± Sophie mumbled, trying to figure out how to word the
next part gently, since it had proven to be a sensitive subject. ¡°But¡­
she had those memories shattered instead of washed, so nothing can
trigger them.¡±
   And no matter what telepathy tricks Sophie and Fitz had tried, they
hadn¡¯t been able to recover enough shards to learn anything useful¡ª
and neither had Tiergan.
   ¡°That just proves the memories are important,¡± Keefe insisted,
turning to pace and sending clothes and papers flying as he kicked
them out of the way. ¡°I think something happened in London¡ª
something big, otherwise she wouldn¡¯t have gone to so much trouble to
erase it. And I bet she told Bangs Boy to off me because I¡¯m finally
getting close to figuring out what it was.¡±

   ¡°You are?¡± Sophie asked, frowning when Keefe nodded. ¡°Since
when?¡±

   He chewed his lip for a second, then stalked over to a dresser that
was shoved haphazardly into a corner and yanked the bottom drawer
open, pulling out wrinkled tunics and tossing them onto the floor.

   ¡°You already know my mom gave me a letter to deliver to a house in
London with a green door,¡± he reminded Sophie as she made her way
over. ¡°And you said Fintan told you she sent me there to recruit
somebody.¡±

   ¡°He did,¡± she agreed, peering over his shoulder as he removed the
last of the shirts. ¡°He also said that it was one of her side projects, so
she didn¡¯t tell him much about it. And that the recruiting didn¡¯t work
out¡ªand you were never supposed to recover that memory.¡±

   ¡°Guess it¡¯s a good thing I found another piece, then,¡± he said,
pushing on one of the corners of the drawer and making what must¡¯ve
been a false bottom lift ever so slightly on the opposite side¡ªenough
for him to get a grip on the edge. Slowly he raised the thin wooden
panel, stopping after a few inches to slide a finger underneath and feel
around for¡­

   ¡°Is that a trip wire?¡± Sophie asked as he unhooked a thin strand of
silver from the underside of the panel.

   ¡°Can¡¯t be too careful with Lord Nosypants around,¡± he confirmed,
pulling the panel free and revealing four notebooks¡ªone brown, one
gold, one silver, and one green¡ªwith a cloudy vial sitting on top of
them, attached to the other end of the wire.

   ¡°That tube is filled with one of my favorite airborne microbes,¡± Ro
explained, flashing all of her pointed teeth when Sophie backed up a
step. ¡°Those little guys know how to have a party in your sinuses.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s nose burned just imagining it, and she held her breath as
Keefe finished unhooking the vial and set it aside¡ªnot nearly as
carefully as she would¡¯ve liked¡ªbefore carrying the journals over to
the bed. He left the brown, green, and gold notebooks resting on the
quilt and flipped open the silver one, turning the pages so fast that
Sophie couldn¡¯t recognize anything. But she could tell the book was
filled with Keefe¡¯s amazing sketches.

   ¡°I¡¯ve switched from making lists of memories to drawing them,
since it helps me see it all a lot better, and I can¡¯t do the fancy
projecting thing like some people,¡± he explained, his cheeks flushing
the way they often did when he talked about his art. ¡°And it¡¯s a lot to
keep track of, so I started sorting it into different categories.¡±

   ¡°Does that mean all of these are filled with memories?¡± Sophie
asked, wondering when he¡¯d found the time to do so many drawings¡ª
and why he hadn¡¯t told her what he was up to or asked her to help.

   ¡°Yeah, but they¡¯re not full or anything¡ªat least not yet. And it¡¯s not
all stuff I¡¯ve recovered. I¡¯ve been logging everything, trying to arrange it
in order, hoping it¡¯ll help me find the gaps, so I can see where to focus.
But it¡¯s a lot to work through. You know how it is with a photographic
memory.¡­¡±

   She did.
   She also knew how it felt to have someone mess with her head. In
fact, she still hadn¡¯t found all the snippets of information that the
Black Swan had hidden in her brain to prepare her to be the moonlark
¡ªnor had she filled in one of the blank spots that Mr. Forkle created
when he erased the memory of her first allergy attack.

   ¡°Do the colors of the journals mean something?¡± she asked.
   His cheeks flushed even brighter. ¡°Kinda. I use the silver one for
anything that feels important, since that¡¯s the same color as the last
elite level. Green is hard stuff, since we wear it at plantings. Brown is
happy stuff, since¡­ I don¡¯t know. It was the one I had left.¡±
   He noticeably didn¡¯t explain the gold. And Sophie was pretty sure
she could guess the reason.
   Before she and Fitz had tried to help Keefe recover more shattered
memories, Tiergan had taught Keefe a trick to mark the things he
didn¡¯t want them to look at while they were inside his mind. And
Keefe had gilded all of his secret memories¡ªwhich made Sophie very
tempted to grab the gold journal and teleport away before he could
catch her.
   Somehow she found the willpower to resist.
   Keefe glanced at the gold notebook, like he suspected what she¡¯d
been thinking. But he said nothing, instead going back to flipping
through the silver one. And after a few more pages, he paused,
pressing the book against his chest to hide what he was looking at.
¡°Okay. Before I show you this, I swear I was going to tell you about it. I
just¡­ wanted to make a little more progress on my own first¡ªwhich
you do all the time, so please don¡¯t go all Foster Rage on me.¡±
   Sophie crossed her arms, not feeling ready to make any promises.
   ¡°You¡¯ve also been super busy lately,¡± he reminded her. ¡°And¡­¡±
   ¡°And what?¡± she asked when he didn¡¯t finish.
   ¡°Never mind. All that matters is: I haven¡¯t done anything
dangerous. I¡¯ve just been doing the mental exercises Tiergan taught
me.¡±
   ¡°So you haven¡¯t been taking fathomlethes?¡± she pressed, sighing
when Keefe looked away guiltily. ¡°Ugh. You know those things are
super unreliable.¡±

   They¡¯d also made him cover the walls of his room at one of the
Black Swan¡¯s hideouts in tiny scribbled-on scraps of paper like a serial
killer¡¯s lair¡ªwhich explained the abundance of drawings he¡¯d
managed to get done so quickly.

   The rare river pearls were known for causing frenzied dreams and
flashbacks.

   ¡°I was careful,¡± he promised.
   ¡°And it was hilarious,¡± Ro added. ¡°One night he got out of bed and
started doing a wiggle dance in his sleep and singing about Prattles
pins. And another time he decided he was a baby alicorn and dropped
to his hands and knees and galloped all over the house, whinnying.
Greatest thing I¡¯ve ever seen.¡±
   Sandor choked back a laugh¡ªbut Sophie only felt more worried.
   ¡°It was worth it,¡± Keefe assured her, his face now brighter than Ro¡¯s
hair. ¡°It helped me remember this.¡±
   He flipped the silver notebook over and held out a photo-realistic
drawing of¡­
   A really nerdy-looking guy.
   Between the tweed blazer and the bow tie and the ruddy cheeks and
the wild hair, he looked like some sort of professor stereotype. All he
was missing was a pair of thick spectacles and¡­
   ¡°He¡¯s human,¡± Sophie realized, focusing on the man¡¯s deep brown
eyes.
   She¡¯d gotten so used to being surrounded by blue-eyed elves that it
was almost jarring to see someone with the same eye color as her¡ªand
someone with deep smile lines and strands of gray peppered through
his messy red hair.
   The elves remained ageless after they became adults. Only their ears
changed with time, growing points along the tops after a few thousand
years.

   ¡°Look at what he¡¯s holding,¡± Keefe told her, pointing to the man¡¯s
left hand, which held an envelope sealed with a symbol they¡¯d only
seen one other time: two crescents forming a loose circle around a
glowing star.

   ¡°That¡¯s the letter your mom gave you,¡± Sophie murmured.
   ¡°Yep. Looks like I didn¡¯t follow Mommy¡¯s delivery instructions as
strictly as she wanted me to.¡±
   ¡°Which surprises no one,¡± Ro jumped in.
   ¡°Of course not,¡± Keefe agreed, a hint of his smirk returning. ¡°But
now we know for sure that I did deliver the letter. And I saw the guy
she was contacting. And now that I know what he looks like? I can
track him down again and find out what Mommy Dearest wanted from
him.¡±
                    FOUR

BUT¡­ YOU KNOW HOW MANY humans there are in London, right?¡±

Sophie had to ask, even though she hated being the hope crusher. ¡°It¡¯s
a huge city. Like, millions and millions of people.¡±

   And the man that Keefe had drawn was a pretty generic-looking
British guy¡ªfrom his bright ginger hair down to the elbow patches on
his blazer. There were probably ten men on every block who looked
similar to him¡ªnot that wandering the zillions of London streets
trying to find someone more unique would honestly be much easier.

   ¡°That¡¯s where Dex comes in,¡± Keefe said, snapping the silver
notebook shut with a smug grin. ¡°I did some research¡ªwhich, uh,
don¡¯t tell the Forklenator about, by the way. I¡¯ll never hear the end of it
if he finds out¡ªand it turns out, London has lots of surveillance
cameras. So Dex is going to hack into their system and set it up to
search for anyone who looks like my drawing. He says the art is
detailed enough that he should be able to find an exact match¡ªand
it¡¯ll tell him which camera caught the image, so we¡¯ll know right where
the guy is. All Dex needs is a few minutes with one of their computers
so he can do his thing, and then we just sit back and wait for the alerts
to go off.¡±

   Sophie wanted to point out that they were assuming the guy was
still living in London, and he could¡¯ve easily moved away in the years
that had passed. But her brain was too busy getting stuck on
something that was probably way less important.

   ¡°You¡¯ve been working on this with Dex?¡±
   She managed to leave off the ¡°without me.¡± But the unspoken words
still felt like they were staring them down, demanding to be
acknowledged.

   Keefe tapped his fingers against the spine of the silver notebook.
¡°Well¡­ I needed a Technopath. And Dex is the best.¡±

   ¡°He is,¡± Sophie agreed.
   He was also her best friend.
   And she knew it wasn¡¯t fair to feel left out after all the times she¡¯d
chosen to hide what she was working on from everybody. But that
didn¡¯t stop a piece of her heart from turning very prickly.
   ¡°I was going to tell you,¡± Keefe assured her.
   ¡°When?¡±
   ¡°Soon.¡±
   That didn¡¯t feel like a good enough answer¡ªand Keefe must¡¯ve
known it, because he reminded her again, ¡°You¡¯ve been super busy. I
haven¡¯t seen you in over a week.¡±
   ¡°Well, I would¡¯ve been here if you¡¯d told me what you were doing!
And if Dex has to go to London, you¡¯re going to need me to teleport
him there.¡±
   Sandor cleared his throat.
   ¡°We¡¯ll figure out how to bring you along if we have to,¡± she
promised.
   ¡°You will,¡± Sandor agreed. ¡°There is no ¡®if.¡¯¡±
   ¡°And that¡¯s what we were already planning on,¡± Keefe told her,
which didn¡¯t make Sophie feel any better. If anything, it kinda proved
that they¡¯d been waiting until they had to clue her in.
   ¡°It also would¡¯ve been way faster if you¡¯d let me project your
memories for you,¡± she pointed out, feeling more tempted than ever to
grab the gold notebook and steal a good long look at everything he was
hiding.
   She snatched the brown one instead.
   Keefe cringed as she flipped to the first carefully sketched memory
¡ªbut didn¡¯t try to stop her.
   He also didn¡¯t offer to let her start helping him now that she knew
what he was working on, she noticed¡ªbut then she didn¡¯t care
anymore, because his art was even more amazing than she¡¯d expected.
He¡¯d used a medium she didn¡¯t recognize¡ªnot paint, but the colors
were too vibrant for pencil, and the details seemed to shift with the
way the light hit the paper. It felt like she was actually watching Keefe
sneak through the grounds of Foxfire at night, carrying a wiggling
green creature, and playing tackle bramble with Fitz while Biana
cheered them on, and sitting with all of the Vackers, gazing at the
colorful flames of an aurenflare. The drawing after that showed Lord
Cassius covered in some sort of thick, sticky slime. And the rest of the
pages seemed to be blank, save for a barely started pencil sketch
toward the middle of the notebook, where the bodies had only been
vaguely blocked out. It was impossible to tell who the figures were, but
the memory looked like it might have taken place in Keefe¡¯s favorite
ditching spot at Foxfire.
   ¡°I haven¡¯t spent as much time on my happy memories,¡± Keefe
explained quietly, ¡°since they never have my mom in them, so they¡¯re
not as important, you know?¡±
   The raw truth in those words softened some of the prickles in
Sophie¡¯s chest. And she was about to hand back the notebook when a
sketch hidden near the end caught her attention¡ªa drawing she was
surprised to recognize herself in.
   She sat with Keefe on the staircase at Havenfield, the light from the
chandelier forming a soft halo around her as she leaned toward him,
clinging to his hand while he turned away, his eyes slightly watery. It
didn¡¯t look like a happy scene, and it took her a second to realize she
was seeing the moment she¡¯d told him what little she¡¯d learned from
Fintan about Keefe¡¯s shattered London memory. But underneath the
sketch, in neat, bold letters, he¡¯d written the words she remembered
telling him that day:

   Lots of people care about you, Keefe.

   ¡°We do,¡± she said quietly. ¡°And we can help if you let us. I can help.
   Keefe cleared his throat. ¡°I know.¡±
   ¡°Then why are you keeping me away?¡±
   He took the brown notebook from her and added it back to the pile
with the green and gold. ¡°I¡¯m not. It¡¯s just¡­¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s not an answer,¡± she pointed out when he didn¡¯t continue.
¡°And that¡¯s the second time you¡¯ve stopped yourself from telling me
something.¡±
   ¡°Is it?¡±
   ¡°Yep¡ªand don¡¯t even try the whole answering-questions-with-
questions thing on me.¡±
   He tore a hand through his hair. ¡°It¡¯s not a big deal.¡±
   ¡°Seems like it is, if it¡¯s making you not trust me.¡±
   ¡°I never said I don¡¯t trust you.¡±
   ¡°You didn¡¯t have to. It¡¯s pretty obvious.¡±
   Ro clicked her tongue. ¡°Hmm. This sounds a lot like something I
warned you would happen, doesn¡¯t it, Hunkyhair?¡±
   Keefe shot her a withering glare before turning back to Sophie. ¡°I do
trust you. I¡¯m just¡­¡±
   His voice trailed off, and the prickliness in Sophie¡¯s heart came back
with a vengeance. ¡°Please tell me what¡¯s wrong. Did I do something, or
say something, or¡­?¡±
   Keefe dragged a hand down his face, making a sound that would
probably be best described as ¡°frustrated ferret.¡± ¡°It¡¯s not you. I¡¯m
just¡­ trying to do the right thing.¡±
   ¡°What does that mean?¡± She glanced at Ro for translation when

Keefe stayed silent.
   ¡°Don¡¯t look at me,¡± Ro told her. ¡°I¡¯ve never understood it.¡±
   Keefe sank onto the bed, making more ferret noises. ¡°It means¡­ it¡¯s

different now, you know?¡±
   ¡°Not really,¡± Sophie admitted.
   Unless he meant¡­ Fitz.
   Or her and Fitz.
   That was the only thing that was different.
   But it also wasn¡¯t.
   He sighed. ¡°You¡¯re going to make me say it, aren¡¯t you?¡±
   ¡°I think you have to,¡± she admitted. ¡°Because I don¡¯t really get what

would be wrong.¡±
   Ro giggled. ¡°The adorable obliviousness strikes again!¡±
   Keefe rolled his eyes and tugged on the hem of his tunic¡ªwhich

was still inside out, Sophie realized. ¡°Fine. Now that you and Fitz are
dating¡ª¡±

   ¡°We¡¯re not,¡± she interrupted.
   ¡°I know, I know¡ªnot officially. But come on, Foster. You guys are
totally a ¡®thing.¡¯ Fitz told me the whole sappy story about his big
confession. And yours.¡± He kicked one of his shoes across the room.
   ¡°That¡¯s ten minutes of my life I¡¯ll never get back,¡± Ro added as
Sophie¡¯s cheeks reached nuclear levels of heat. ¡°Though I did enjoy the
part where you bailed on Pretty Boy right before all the smooching.¡±
   ¡°I didn¡¯t bail on him,¡± Sophie mumbled, refusing to look at anybody.
¡°Silveny went into labor, and we had to go save her and the babies.¡±
   ¡°Don¡¯t you just hate when that happens?¡± Ro teased. ¡°And that
doesn¡¯t explain why you and Swoony Boy still haven¡¯t¡­¡± She puckered
her lips and made horrifyingly loud kissy sounds. ¡°Or have you?¡±
   They¡­ hadn¡¯t¡ªbut no way was Sophie answering that question. ¡°I
still don¡¯t get why any of this means I can¡¯t help with your memories.¡±

   A rhythmic thumping sound followed.
   Maybe Keefe kicking the bed?
   Or banging his head against the wall?
   Sophie was far too busy studying the grains of sand in the rug to
check.
   ¡°It¡¯s just¡­ now that you guys are together,¡± he eventually said,
making her jump a little, ¡°I figured it might be a bad idea for you and
me to work on such a time-consuming project¡ªespecially since Fitz is
obsessed with finding Alvar right now, so he won¡¯t want to help.¡±
   It took a beat for Sophie to piece together what he meant. ¡°Fitz
won¡¯t care if we work on this without him.¡±
   ¡°You sure about that? ¡¯Cause he also told me he hasn¡¯t seen you
since Wynn and Luna were born¡ªand that you haven¡¯t been hailing
him or doing any of your little secret Telepath convos. He sounded
kinda bummed about it. And he got a little less pouty after I told him I
hadn¡¯t heard from you either, so¡­¡±
   ¡°Why is that, by the way?¡± Ro jumped in as a whole other kind of
nausea flooded Sophie¡¯s system. ¡°Shouldn¡¯t you guys be, like, all
Fitzphie all the time?¡±
   The urge to tug on her eyelashes was strong. But somehow Sophie
resisted. ¡°I have a lot going on.¡±
   ¡°Like what? Something you haven¡¯t included us in?¡± Ro pressed.
   ¡°No! It¡¯s¡­¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s what?¡± Ro asked, refusing to let it go.
   Sophie sighed. ¡°It¡¯s¡­ personal.¡±
   ¡°Is it, now?¡± Ro patted the chaise next to her. ¡°Well then, why don¡¯t
you sit right here and tell Auntie Ro all about it?¡±
   ¡°Auntie Ro?¡± Sophie, Sandor, and Keefe all asked in unison.
   Ro shrugged. ¡°What? I can be nurturing when I want to be.¡±
   That would¡¯ve been a lot easier to believe if she weren¡¯t using a
dagger to clean beneath her claws.
   ¡°Don¡¯t look so afraid,¡± she told Sophie. ¡°Personal stuff is my
specialty! Need some smooching advice? Because you¡¯re probably
overthinking it. You just¡ª¡±
   ¡°NO!¡± Sophie interrupted, definitely not wanting to hear the end of
that sentence.
   ¡°See why I didn¡¯t want to bring this up?¡± Keefe asked. ¡°It¡¯s like, just
when you think it can¡¯t possibly get any worse¡ªit does!¡±
   Yes, yes, it did.
   But¡­ now that they were there, Sophie had to know. ¡°You really
think Fitz would be bothered by us working together?¡±
   Keefe shrugged. ¡°Seems like he might be.¡±
   Ro snorted. ¡°Of course he would! He¡¯d be super, super jealous!¡±
   ¡°Don¡¯t,¡± Keefe told her.
   ¡°No¡ªI can¡¯t take it anymore!¡± Ro stalked toward Sophie and tapped
her on the nose with a calloused fingertip. ¡°I repeat: Yes, your Captain
Perfectpants would be jealous! He scraped together the courage to get
all share-y about his feelings, and now you¡¯re ignoring him, and being
all mysterious about why, and telling everyone who asks that you¡¯re
not dating him. And I¡¯m not saying that¡¯s a bad call. Trust your
instincts! Hopefully they¡¯ll lead you out of the oblivion. But in the
meantime, count on your teal-eyed Wonderboy feeling a little insecure,
particularly if he finds out you¡¯re spending lots of quality time with
other dudes. And you know what? That¡¯s good for him. We all know
that boy could use a little help in the humility department. So make
him sweat a little. And you¡±¡ªshe spun back toward Keefe¡ª¡°need to
stop being so afraid.¡±
   ¡°Afraid of what?¡± Sophie asked.
   ¡°I¡¯m not afraid,¡± Keefe argued. ¡°I¡¯m being a good friend.¡±
   ¡°And how¡¯s that working out?¡± Ro countered.
   ¡°Awesome!¡± Keefe spat back.
   ¡°Yeah, it looks super awesome watching you draw until your fingers
cramp every night because you¡¯re giving up without even trying.¡±
   ¡°Giving up?¡± Sophie asked.
   Keefe flopped back on the bed and covered his face with his hands.
¡°Ugh, I¡¯m so over this conversation!¡±
   ¡°So am I,¡± Sandor agreed. ¡°Aren¡¯t we supposed to be discussing the
fact that your mother has given an order to have you killed by one of
your friends?¡±
   Suffocating silence followed.
   ¡°I wouldn¡¯t say Bangs Boy and I are friends,¡± Keefe eventually
muttered as he slowly sat back up. ¡°More like frenemies. So I guess
Mom kinda got that part right.¡±
   ¡°No, she didn¡¯t,¡± Sophie said, trying to decide if she should go sit
beside him. They were back to the brutal topic, but¡­ it felt so awkward.
¡°I¡¯ll never understand why you and Tam have your ridiculous feud
going on, but he took a huge risk to warn you to stay away.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, I¡¯m all warm and fuzzy about it. What was it he said again?
Lock me up if you have to? What a good buddy!¡±
   ¡°Keefe¡ª¡±
   ¡°Uh-uh, Foster. I know what you¡¯re thinking¡ªand I don¡¯t care what
Bangs Boy said. I¡¯m not sitting any of this out! And if you try to lock
me up, it¡¯s on.¡±
   ¡°Anyone else kinda want to see that?¡± Ro asked, raising her hand.
¡°Come on¡ªyou know you¡¯re curious, Gigantor. Our girl¡¯s got a feisty
side to her that¡¯s gonna be epic when she fully unleashes it.¡±
   Keefe rolled his eyes but kept his focus on Sophie. ¡°Do you really
believe my mom would let something crucial like this leak? She¡¯s
totally playing us! If she actually planned on killing me, she wouldn¡¯t
breathe a word about it until it was time to give the death order¡ªand
there¡¯s no way she¡¯d leave it up to Mr. Happy Shadow Thoughts. He¡¯s a
sulky know-it-all with ridiculous hair, but¡­ he¡¯s not a murderer.¡±

   Sophie truly wanted to believe that.
   But her brain kept picturing the same horrifying scenario: Linh and
Keefe both prisoners¡ªstrapped to some sort of brutal countdown
contraption¡ªand the only way for Tam to save one is to kill the other.
   Sure, it sounded like the final showdown in a cheesy human spy
movie, but¡­ they were living in a reality with cloaked villains setting
unstoppable fires and unleashing genetically engineered beasts and
flooding cities.
   And even if it wasn¡¯t something quite so dramatic, if Tam had to
choose between Keefe and his sister¡­
   ¡°Huh,¡± Keefe said, fanning the air. ¡°So¡­ you think Tammy Boy
would¡ªdare I say it¡ªdo the ¡®dark deed¡¯?¡±
   ¡°I think I don¡¯t want to find out what happens if he¡¯s faced with an
impossible decision,¡± Sophie corrected, scratching at her arms to rub
away the chills. ¡°And I¡¯m sure Tam doesn¡¯t either. That¡¯s why he gave
me that warning.¡±
   ¡°But it¡¯s not a real warning! I bet you anything my mom ordered him
to tell you that, so you¡¯d get all protective and distracted.¡±
   ¡°Then why was your first reaction to say you knew this would
happen?¡± Sophie wondered aloud. ¡°You said you¡¯re a liability.¡±
   ¡°I am a liability. But this isn¡¯t how she¡¯s going to get rid of me. This
is just her trying to keep me out of her way or scare me into
cooperating, because some tiny part of her is still hoping I¡¯ll change
my mind and be who she wants me to be. Once that hope¡¯s gone, or
once she realizes how much progress I¡¯m making on my memories, she
will try to off me. And I guarantee that plan won¡¯t come with a
warning. She¡¯ll just make her move and¡­ I guess we¡¯ll see if I survive
it.¡±

   He said the last part with a shrug, but his voice cracked ever so
slightly. And it helped Sophie scrape together the courage to sit down
beside him.

   ¡°I will never let her hurt you,¡± she promised.
   ¡°Neither will I!¡± Ro flung her dagger, nailing the center of one of
the starfish set into the wall. ¡°And FYI¡ªthe next time I see Mommy
Dearest, I¡¯m aiming for her head.¡±
   ¡°Perfect! Problem solved!¡± Keefe told her. And his expression was
probably supposed to be a smirk¡ªbut Sophie could see the wince
underneath.
   No matter how much he hated or feared his mom, some tiny,
reluctant part of him was always going to care about her a little.
   ¡°Anyway,¡± he added, clearing his throat, ¡°I guess that means we
agree. I have all the protection I need.¡±
   ¡°Um, that¡¯s not what we said,¡± Sophie argued. ¡°I¡ª¡±
   ¡°I appreciate the crinkly forehead concern,¡± Keefe interrupted.
¡°More than you know.¡±
   ¡°Way more than you know,¡± Ro emphasized.
   Keefe¡¯s jaw tightened. ¡°But you¡¯re not going to change my mind on
this, Foster. If something goes down in Loamnore like Forkle¡¯s
predicting, I will be there with you guys. Just like I¡¯ll be there for
anything else that happens¡ªso let¡¯s not make this into a fight, okay?¡±
   ¡°Kee¡ª¡±
   ¡°Nope! No more ¡®Keefe-ing¡¯ me. I get that you¡¯re worried, but¡­
think about what you¡¯re asking. You want me to hide like some
frightened sasquatch while everyone I care about keeps right on
risking their lives. How am I supposed to live with myself if something
bad goes down and I wasn¡¯t there to help?¡±
   ¡°And how are any of us supposed to live with ourselves if something
happens to you?¡± Sophie countered.

   ¡°Easy. You¡¯ll say, ¡®Wow, that¡¯s the hottest Wanderling I¡¯ve ever
seen! Who knew a tree could have awesome hair?¡¯ And then you¡¯ll all
sit under my stunning leaves and write poems about my general
amazingness.¡±

   Sophie shook her head. ¡°I can¡¯t believe you¡¯re trying to joke about
this.¡±

   ¡°Well, believe it, Miss F. I can joke about anything!¡± He nudged her
with his elbow, but she refused to smile. And she hated her brain for
suddenly picturing his Wanderling. But she could see it so clearly now.
The tree would have yellow spiky leaves and ice blue flowers and pale
bark¡ªand it would be lopsided somehow, mirroring his crooked
smirk.

   ¡°The thought of you dying will never be funny,¡± she whispered,
wishing her eyes weren¡¯t burning.

   Keefe sighed and scooted closer, keeping only a sliver of space
separating them. ¡°If it makes you feel any better, I¡¯d really prefer to
keep living.¡±

   ¡°Then stay away from the Neverseen!¡±
   ¡°See, I knew you were going to say that. And I swear I¡¯ll be careful,
but¡ª¡±
   ¡°No! There¡¯s no ¡®but,¡¯ Keefe! You can¡¯t ignore vital intel just because
you don¡¯t like what it means.¡±
   ¡°Is that so? Then tell me this: If Bangs Boy¡¯s warning had been
about you, would you be like, ¡®Cool, guys, I¡¯ll be over here chilling at
home while you go take on the Neverseen without me¡¯?¡±
   ¡°Yes,¡± Sandor told him.
   ¡°No,¡± Sophie corrected. ¡°But that¡¯s different.¡±
   ¡°Why?¡± Keefe pressed. ¡°And don¡¯t say because you¡¯re the moonlark
¡ª¡±

   ¡°But I am the moonlark! I was literally designed to be a part of
everything that¡¯s happening.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, well, so was I. I mean, no one gave me a cool code name, or a
million fancy abilities¡ªwhich is a serious bummer, by the way¡ªbut
we both know my mom¡¯s been preparing me for my legacy my entire
life.¡±

   ¡°All that means is she¡¯s been preparing you to be on her side¡ªnot
ours.¡±

   As soon as the words left her mouth, Sophie wished she could suck
them back in. ¡°Sorry.¡±

   Keefe picked up his silver notebook, slapping the side against his
palm with a steady thwap! thwap! thwap! ¡°No need to apologize. You¡¯re
right. I am supposed to be part of the bad guys.¡±

   ¡°That doesn¡¯t mean¡ª¡±
   ¡°Relax, Foster. I¡¯m not going to freak out on you. I¡¯m aware of my
situation¡ªthe question is, are you?¡± He thwapped the notebook
harder. ¡°I can swear fealty to anyone I want. Be friends with anyone I
want. Fight on any side I want. That¡¯s my choice, no matter what my
mom wants¡ªand I say, ¡®Go, Team Good-Guys!¡¯ But. I don¡¯t get to stop
being the dude who was raised by one of the leaders of the Neverseen.
And it doesn¡¯t make whatever plans my mom has for me go away. Just
like it doesn¡¯t erase the things she¡¯s already had me do¡ªlike delivering
that letter. Who knows what other stuff I¡¯ve done and don¡¯t
remember?¡± Thwap! Thwap! Thwap! ¡°That¡¯s why I can¡¯t let Mommy
Dearest scare me away. We¡¯re always complaining that we don¡¯t have
any good leads. But I¡¯m the lead. And I can¡¯t help you guys if I¡¯m
hiding.¡±
   ¡°Nobody said anything about hiding,¡± Sophie argued.
   ¡°No, you just talked about locking me up.¡±
   ¡°That was Tam,¡± Sophie corrected. ¡°And I¡¯m pretty sure he was
joking. Or using hyperbole.¡±
   ¡°But I wouldn¡¯t be opposed to the idea,¡± Sandor noted.
   ¡°Neither would I,¡± Ro agreed.
   ¡°All I¡¯m saying,¡± Sophie said, snatching the silver notebook from
Keefe¡¯s hands, ¡°is that you don¡¯t have to be with us to help us. You¡¯ve
done a huge thing already. You remembered the guy¡¯s face! Now Dex
and I can work on hacking the security feed in London, and¡ª¡±
   ¡°Oh, so I¡¯m not invited to London now?¡± Keefe asked, lunging to
steal back his notebook¡ªbut Sophie was faster.
   She tucked the silver book into the inner pocket of her cape. ¡°No,
you¡¯ll be staying here doing something way more important.¡±
   ¡°If you say research¡ª¡±
   ¡°Nope. You¡¯ll be adding to these.¡± She put the brown, gold, and
green notebooks into his lap. ¡°This was a good plan, Keefe. I mean¡­ I
wish you¡¯d lay off the fathomlethes. But cataloging your memories
already worked, so keep at it! Plus, you¡¯re making some seriously
gorgeous art.¡±
   ¡°Oh sure, now you want me drawing until my hands cramp! What
happened to the whole ¡®I could¡¯ve helped you project your memories¡¯
thing, with the sad eyes and the ¡®Why don¡¯t you trust me?¡¯ I guess
you¡¯re fine with me working alone now that you found a reason to
ditch me?¡±
   ¡°The boy does make a valid point,¡± Ro noted.
   ¡°I¡¯m not ditching you.¡±
   ¡°Good! Because, to quote Gigantor¡±¡ªKeefe shifted his voice into an
uncanny impersonation of Sandor¡¯s squeaky tone¡ª¡°I go where you
go.¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t sound like that,¡± Sandor huffed.
   Ro snickered. ¡°You totally do.¡±
   Sophie sighed. ¡°I¡¯m not trying to ditch you, Keefe.¡±
   ¡°Awesome, because there¡¯s no way you¡¯re investigating my past
without me.¡±
   ¡°It won¡¯t be without you. You¡¯ll be working harder than any of us.
Kinda like how Dex works on his own when he¡¯s doing his Technopath
thing¡ª¡±
   ¡°Yeah, because Dex never feels left out.¡±
   ¡°Okay, but Dex is¡­ sensitive.¡±
   ¡°You were going to say ¡®pouty,¡¯ weren¡¯t you?¡± Ro asked.
   ¡°Hey, don¡¯t dis the Dexinator!¡± Keefe told her. ¡°He¡¯s my hero.
Master elixir maker, ultimate gadget manipulator, and he scored a
Foster kiss before Fitzy.¡±
   Ro¡¯s eyes widened. ¡°He did?¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s not what it sounds like,¡± Sophie mumbled. ¡°It was¡­ never mind
¡ªstop trying to distract me, Keefe! Working alone doesn¡¯t make what
you¡¯re doing any less important. And I¡¯ll keep you updated on
everything. I¡¯ll check in as many times as you want me to, answer all
your questions¡ªI¡¯ll even project everything I learn into a memory log
so you can see it all for yourself. It¡¯ll be exactly like you were there,
only better because you¡¯ll be safe.¡±
   Keefe whistled. ¡°Wow, you say that like you honestly expect me to
go along with this plan. It¡¯s like you don¡¯t even know me.¡±
   ¡°Oh, I know you,¡± Sophie said through a sigh. ¡°I¡¯ll just never stop
hoping you¡¯ll decide to play things smart for once.¡±
   ¡°See, but ¡®smart¡¯ really isn¡¯t my brand. I¡¯m more ¡®reckless dream guy
without a care¡¯! It¡¯s part of my whole ¡®bad boy¡¯ image.¡± He tossed his
hair. ¡°And don¡¯t think I won¡¯t tackle you to get my silver notebook
back¡ªI will.¡±
   ¡°Okay,¡± Ro jumped in, before Sophie could respond. ¡°Fun as it is to
watch you two try to make each other¡¯s heads explode, I had big plans
for napping before some serious pranking this evening. So how about I
settle this for you guys and you let me get my beauty rest?¡±

   ¡°If you¡¯re still on the ¡®lock me up¡¯ plan, that¡¯s never gonna happen,¡±
Keefe warned.

   Ro sauntered closer and pinched both of his cheeks. ¡°You¡¯re so cute
when you think you¡¯re being all tough and rebellious. But let¡¯s get real
for a second, shall we? You get away with the things I let you get away
with, because I don¡¯t care enough to fight you on them. And ignoring
solid intel that someone¡¯s threatened to murder my charge? That¡¯s a
big bodyguarding no-no. I may not care that much about what happens
to you, but if you get yourself killed on my watch, it makes me look bad
¡ªespecially if I had advance notice. So, I can¡¯t have that. Plus, I can
also demand something fun from your little girlie while I¡¯m at it!¡±

   ¡°Wait¡ªwhat?¡± Sophie asked.
   ¡°Uh, yeah, my help doesn¡¯t come for free. I can take care of your
Hunkyhair problem. But it¡¯ll cost you.¡±
   ¡°If you¡¯re about to propose one of your ridiculous bets¡ª¡± Sandor
cut in.
   ¡°Not a bet,¡± Ro assured him. ¡°I¡¯m talking about a straight bargain.
Miss F gives me something, and I give her an obedient Keefster.¡±
   Keefe snort-laughed. ¡°Good luck with that.¡±
   ¡°See, but I don¡¯t need luck. Because you still owe me a dare.¡±
   The color drained from Keefe¡¯s face.
   ¡°Thaaaaaaaaaaaat¡¯s right, Hunkyhair! You lost our last bet¡ªand
what were the terms again? Oh, that¡¯s right! If I won, I get to dare you
to do anything I want, and you have to agree. So if I dare you to stay
away from the Neverseen, guess who¡¯s not allowed to go near the
creepy cloaked dudes? And yes, that does include places they might be.¡±
   ¡°You realize, by that logic, I can¡¯t go anywhere,¡± Keefe pointed out.
   ¡°Hmm, I guess you¡¯re right. Maybe I should drag you off to a cave,
then. Oh! Or to my dad¡¯s palace! No one¡¯s breached the security there
in centuries.¡±
   ¡°Sounds fun,¡± Keefe retorted. ¡°I can teach King Daddy The Ballad of
Bo and Ro!¡±
   ¡°Not if I lock you in the dungeon. The palace has a really awesome
one. And given your delicate elvin senses, I¡¯m betting the smell would
break you in less than a day. Face it, Funkyhair¡ªyou have two choices:
You can cooperate, and still get to leave the house to see your friends
occasionally. Or I can finally get out of sparkle town and take you back
to Ravagog with me¡ªand before you go getting too smiley, Miss F,
don¡¯t forget that you haven¡¯t heard your side of this bargain. You don¡¯t
think I¡¯d trade in my prizewinning dare for something easy, do you?¡±
   ¡°What do you want?¡± Sophie asked, and her mind made a quick list
of possible demands.
   But she definitely wasn¡¯t expecting the ogre princess to plop back
onto the chaise, pat the cushion next to her, and say, ¡°I want you to tell
Auntie Ro why you looked ready to spew all over the floor when I
asked what¡¯s been keeping you so busy lately.¡±
   ¡°Seriously?¡± Sophie and Keefe both asked.
   ¡°Why?¡± Sandor added.
   Ro shrugged. ¡°Because I¡¯m curious. And I enjoy meddling. It¡¯s the
only fun I get to have here in elf land, and I have a hunch that this is
the kind of secret that could be a game changer.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s not,¡± Sophie assured her.
   ¡°Well then, I guess you¡¯re getting the deal of the century, aren¡¯t
you? Oh, but if you lie, I¡¯m sure Hunkyhair will call you out on it.¡±
   ¡°I will,¡± Keefe agreed.
   ¡°You realize she¡¯s bargaining for your freedom, right?¡± Sophie
reminded him.

   ¡°Yup! But I can¡¯t stop her, so I might as well let her take you down
with me.¡±

   Sandor leaned closer, whispering in Sophie¡¯s ear. ¡°Admit it. You¡¯re
tempted to let the Neverseen have him now, aren¡¯t you?¡±

   A tiny, tiny part of her was.
   But the larger part¡ªthe part that always had to be annoyingly
practical¡ªknew this was a way better solution than any promise she
might force Keefe into making after who knew how many more hours
of arguing.
   And¡­ it wasn¡¯t like her secret would stay hidden forever.
   ¡°Do we have a deal?¡± Ro asked.
   ¡°You swear you¡¯ll keep him away from the Neverseen?¡± Sophie
clarified. ¡°Like, you realize how impossible that¡¯s going to be?¡±
   ¡°Yes, I¡¯m familiar with your boy¡¯s stubbornness¡ªand his tendency
to think he¡¯s outsmarting everybody. But he¡¯ll behave. Because he
knows the consequences for breaking a bet¡ªand I can always put him
on a leash if I have to. I have the perfect harness. It chafes in some
particularly unpleasant places. So what do you say?¡± She patted the
chaise again.
   Sophie closed her eyes, needing a few more seconds to remind
herself that this was the best way to keep Keefe safe. Then slowly,
painfully, she made her way over and sank onto the cushion. ¡°I don¡¯t
know why you care so much about this.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m not totally sure either,¡± Ro admitted. ¡°But a deal¡¯s a deal, so
spill it, girlie, and let¡¯s hope it¡¯s something juicy.¡±
   ¡°Hang on,¡± Keefe said, grabbing the chair from his desk and
dragging it over. He plopped down right in front of Sophie, resting his
elbows on his knees and propping his chin on his palms in the
ultimate I¡¯m listening pose. ¡°Okay, let¡¯s solve one of the Foster
Mysteries.¡±

   Sophie shot him a look that hopefully said I hate you so much right
now. And she really hoped he was picking up on all of her vomit-
churning as she closed her eyes and took a long breath.

   ¡°Anytime now,¡± Ro prompted.
   Sophie¡¯s hands balled into fists. ¡°Fine. A little more than a week
ago, I¡­ went to see the matchmakers. And I tried to pick up my match
packet. But¡­ they wouldn¡¯t let me. Apparently, I¡¯m¡±¡ªshe needed
another breath¡ª¡°I¡¯m¡­ unmatchable.¡±
   She squeezed her eyes tighter to make sure she wouldn¡¯t have to see
the looks on their faces.
   ¡°Hmm,¡± Ro said after several agonizing seconds. ¡°That¡¯s not what I
was expecting. But it should still do the trick.¡±
   ¡°What trick?¡± Sophie asked, wishing Keefe would say something.
His silence was seriously killing her.
   ¡°Don¡¯t worry your pretty little head about it,¡± Ro told her. ¡°And
you¡¯re being awfully quiet over there, Hunkyhair. Nothing you want to
say?¡±
   Breathing became impossible.
   It felt like three entire lifetimes passed before Keefe cleared his
throat and asked, ¡°So¡­ you decided to register?¡±
   ¡°Really?¡± Ro demanded. ¡°That¡¯s what you¡¯re going with? Of all the
wasted opportunities!¡±
   ¡°What?¡± Keefe snapped back. ¡°I just thought she still had mixed
feelings about it!¡±
   ¡°I did,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°But¡­¡±
   ¡°Yeah¡­,¡± Keefe mumbled.
   Neither of them bothered to say that she¡¯d done it for Fitz.
   Because it didn¡¯t matter anymore.
   ¡°Whoa.¡± The strain in Keefe¡¯s voice made Sophie finally open her
eyes¡ªand she found him clutching his chest, face twisted with pain.
¡°Um, what¡¯s with all the heartache, Foster?¡±

   Sophie crossed her arms, wishing she could physically hold back her
stupid, too-strong emotions. ¡°What do you mean?¡±

   ¡°I mean, it feels like you think¡­¡± His eyebrows crushed together as
he tilted his head to study her. ¡°You think Fitz is going to care about
this?¡±

   ¡°Of course he¡¯s going to care! I¡¯m unmatchable!¡± Saying it again
definitely did not make it easier.

   ¡°Yeah, but¡­ only for right now,¡± Keefe told her. ¡°Once you know
who your biological parents are, you¡¯ll be fine.¡±

   The sentence had to tumble around her brain a few times before she
could figure out why it felt weird.

   She hadn¡¯t told him why she was unmatchable. Just that she was.
   ¡°You knew?¡± she whispered.
   He stared at his foot as he kicked at the floor. ¡°Well¡­ I saw your
Inception Certificate. And matchmaking¡¯s all about genetics, so¡­ I
sorta assumed. And I¡¯m sure Fitz did too.¡±
   Sophie blew out a breath.
   Was she seriously the only one who¡¯d been too clueless to realize
what that had meant?
   No.
   She couldn¡¯t be.
   Because Fitz had said¡­
   ¡°He doesn¡¯t know,¡± she assured Keefe, crossing her arms tighter.
¡°Fitz gave me this big speech about how there¡¯s no way he and I
wouldn¡¯t be on each other¡¯s lists.¡±
   Ro snorted. ¡°Wow. Is that what you elves call romance? ¡®Don¡¯t
worry, my love, a bunch of snooty intellectuals are totally going to put
your name on a piece of paper and give us permission to date each
other¡¯? Ugh, no wonder you haven¡¯t felt ready for any smooching.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s cheeks went nuclear again. But when Ro put it that way, it
did sound pretty awful¡ªthough that was also a strange observation
coming from someone stuck in an arranged marriage.

   And she really didn¡¯t know what to do with the whole ¡°my love¡±
thing.

   Keefe, meanwhile, was kicking the floor with enough gusto that
Sophie wondered if he was trying to tunnel his way out of there.

   ¡°I¡¯m sure Fitz was just assuming you¡¯d wait to register until after
the Black Swan gave you that information,¡± he mumbled. ¡°I mean, it¡¯s
not like they¡¯re never going to tell you who your biological parents
are.¡±

   Sophie barked a laugh. ¡°Wanna bet? That¡¯s why I met with Forkle
today¡ªI was trying to get him to tell me. And do you know what he
said? ¡®Perhaps in a few hundred years.¡¯¡±

   Ro whistled. ¡°Harsh.¡±
   Sophie nodded. ¡°I even told him what happened at the
matchmakers¡¯, to make sure he knew the stakes¡ªbut of course he did.
And then he launched into a speech about how I should be focusing on
protecting the dwarves and saving Tam instead of dating. He didn¡¯t
care that¡­¡±
   Nope.
   She was not going to cry in front of Keefe.
   Especially not about Fitz.
   Keefe let out a sigh that sounded like a balloon deflating and leaned
closer. ¡°This isn¡¯t going to change anything.¡±
   She looked away, blinking hard and choking down the giant knot of
nerves trying to close off her throat. ¡°Right. Because being a bad
match is no big deal around here¡ªand I¡¯m not even that. I¡¯m
unmatchable! How much you wanna bet I¡¯m the first person that¡¯s ever
happened to?¡±

   ¡°You do seem to be a trendsetter,¡± he admitted. ¡°But, um¡­ you
realize there are more ways to find out who your biological parents are
than just asking Forkle, right? I mean, you¡¯re Sophie Freaking Foster.
Where¡¯s that stubborn streak we all know and fear a little? You¡¯ve told
the Councillors where they could shove their rules how many times?
And don¡¯t even get me started on all the almost dying. Are you
seriously telling me it hasn¡¯t occurred to you that you can solve this on
your own?¡±

   ¡°It has,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°I just¡­ don¡¯t know where to start. Mr.
Forkle hasn¡¯t exactly given me much to go on.¡±

   ¡°Well then, I guess it¡¯s a good thing you¡¯re friends with someone
who¡¯s mastered the art of breaking rules to get what they want,¡± Ro
told her. ¡°I¡¯m sure Hunkyhair can help you come up with a plan.¡±

   Sandor cleared his throat.
   ¡°Oh, relax, Gigantor, she already said she was going to be working
on this anyway,¡± Ro reminded him. ¡°Isn¡¯t it better if she has some
help?¡±
   Help.
   The word felt like a spark¡ªbut it snuffed out just as fast when she
realized Keefe wasn¡¯t exactly volunteering.
   ¡°It¡¯s okay,¡± she told him after a beat of awkward silence. ¡°You
should be focusing on your memories.¡±
   ¡°I should,¡± he agreed, and her heart felt like it sank into her sloshy
stomach. ¡°But¡­ thanks to my lovely bodyguard here, it looks like I¡¯ll be
sitting out on all the scheming you¡¯ll be doing about the dwarves and
Tammy Boy. So I¡¯ll have some extra time to kill¡ªand you know I¡¯d
never pass up a chance to get one up on the Forklenator.¡±
   ¡°You don¡¯t have to,¡± she told him when his smirk looked a tiny bit
forced.

   ¡°I want to. Seriously.¡±
   She met his eyes, and there was an intensity in his stare that made
her heart change rhythm.
   ¡°I¡¯m always here for whatever you need, Sophie,¡± he said quietly.
¡°And I gotta say, Team Foster-Keefe is going to crush this. But¡­ I need
you to promise me one thing, okay?¡±
   She nodded.
   He looked away, kicking the ground again. ¡°You have to tell Fitz
what we¡¯re doing¡ªand why. Just to make sure there¡¯re no
misunderstandings, you know?¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± she mumbled. ¡°I¡¯ve been planning to tell him anyway. I
was only waiting until I had an actual plan, so he wouldn¡¯t freak out as
badly.¡±
   ¡°He won¡¯t freak out,¡± Keefe assured her.
   ¡°Uh, this is Fitz,¡± Sophie reminded him. ¡°Reacting to bad news isn¡¯t
exactly his strong suit.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, I guess that¡¯s true.¡± He stood and strode over to his desk,
grabbing another notebook¡ªa pale blue one this time¡ªand a pen
before plopping down on his bed. ¡°Okay then, Miss F. Let¡¯s figure out
how to solve the ultimate Foster Mystery!¡±
                    FIVE

WOW. YOU WEREN¡¯T KIDDING about not having much to go on,¡± Keefe

said, squinting at the notes he¡¯d scribbled down while Sophie had
paced his room and told him everything she knew about her biological
parents.

   He hadn¡¯t even filled half of a page.
   And everything had question marks by it, in case Mr. Forkle had
been lying.
   So technically, they might have nothing.
   Keefe scooted farther back on his bed and propped Mrs.
Stinkbottom behind his head, looking way more relaxed than Sophie
was feeling at the moment. ¡°Okay, I have to ask¡­ how do you feel
about bending the rules of telepathy a little?¡±
   ¡°You mean breaking the rules of telepathy,¡± Sophie corrected,
number one of which was No reading someone¡¯s mind without their
permission.
   He shrugged. ¡°I¡¯m just saying, I¡¯m pretty positive that you and Fitzy
could solve this thing in five minutes if you went all Cognate¡ªRAWR
on Forkle¡¯s memories. You¡¯ve broken through his blocking before.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, but I¡¯m sure he has other defenses he¡¯d start using once he
figured out what we were trying to do.¡±
   ¡°And that¡¯s why you do it when he¡¯s asleep.¡±
   Sophie frowned. ¡°We don¡¯t know where he lives¡ªand even if we
did, I¡¯m sure he has all kinds of security and¡­¡±
   Her voice trailed off as Keefe exchanged a look with Ro that seemed
to say, Isn¡¯t our moonlark the cutest?

   ¡°You don¡¯t have to go to his house. You already know where he
works,¡± Ro reminded her.

   ¡°But Foxfire¡¯s on hiatus¡ªand he doesn¡¯t sleep there anyway,¡±
Sophie argued.

   Keefe laughed. ¡°I kinda love that I have to explain this to you. It¡¯s
like proof that no matter how feisty you get, you¡¯ll still always be our
sweet little Foster.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s cheeks burned, but whether she was embarrassed or
touched, she couldn¡¯t tell. Either way, she hoped he didn¡¯t notice.

   ¡°You know those sedative things you hate so much?¡± he asked.
¡°We¡¯d slip one into the Forklenator¡¯s lunch when school¡¯s back in
session and he¡¯s in Magnate Leto mode. Then you and Fitz would
ditch your afternoon sessions, let me work my mad skills on the lock to
his office, and ta-da! One conked-out Forkle drooling on his giant
desk, just waiting to have his memories explored. You guys would have
plenty of time to do your Telepath thing and slip back to study hall
before he wakes up. I doubt he¡¯d even know anything happened.¡±

   ¡°Absolutely not!¡± Sandor snapped. ¡°No one will be ditching sessions
or drugging anybody!¡±

   Sophie had to agree, even if the less-than-noble part of herself
couldn¡¯t deny that the plan was solid.

   ¡°I¡¯m not saying it wouldn¡¯t work,¡± she told Keefe. ¡°But¡­ it¡¯d be
icky.¡±

   ¡°Icky?¡± Ro repeated.
   Sophie nodded. ¡°Keefe and I both know how it feels to have
someone invade our minds and mess with our memories. I¡¯m not doing
that to anyone else.¡±
   ¡°Even if you wouldn¡¯t be ¡®messing¡¯ with anything?¡± Keefe
countered. ¡°You¡¯d just be learning information you should¡¯ve been
given anyway because it¡¯s about your life. And let¡¯s not forget that
you¡¯d be learning it from the person who stole some of your memories
and planted all kinds of other stuff without telling you. I mean, if
anyone deserves to have their privacy violated¡­¡±

   Sophie sighed.
   He wasn¡¯t wrong.
   But that didn¡¯t make it right.
   The fact that he¡¯d used the word ¡°violated¡± said more than enough.
   ¡°How about we call that plan Z?¡± she suggested. ¡°And I¡¯ll consider it
once Foxfire is back in session, if literally every other idea has failed
and we have no other options.¡±
   Ro muttered something about ¡°no fun.¡± But Keefe grinned. ¡°Fair
enough. And¡­ never change, Foster. You keep us honest.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s face burned even hotter as he flipped to the last page of the
blue notebook and wrote, ¡°PLAN Z: UNLEASH THE FITZPHIE!!!¡±
Then he turned back to the half-full first page and labeled it ¡°PLAN
A.¡±
   ¡°Okay¡­ since right now the only information we have is about who
it¡¯s not,¡± he said, scanning his notes again, ¡°the first thing we need to
do is make a list of people it actually could be. Then we¡¯ll decide how
to rule them out.¡±
   Sophie sighed. ¡°Technically it could be anybody.¡±
   ¡°Nah, we can rule out a bunch of people. Like Grady and Edaline,
since there¡¯d be no reason to keep that hidden. And my dad, since he¡¯d
never give up control of his kid like that¡ªor be able to go this long
without bragging about you. And everyone in the Neverseen, since
they¡¯d never help the Black Swan¡ªand hey, good news! That means
you¡¯re not my sister.¡±
   Sophie stopped pacing. ¡°Did you actually think I was?¡±
   ¡°Nope.¡± He smirked. ¡°But admit it. You¡¯re worrying about Fitzy
now, huh?¡±
   She hadn¡¯t been.
   But now that he mentioned it¡­
   Keefe cracked up. ¡°I¡¯m kidding! Alden wouldn¡¯t have been involved
with Prentice¡¯s memory break if he was your dad¡ªand Della would¡¯ve
stopped him from searching for you if she was your mom.¡±
   ¡°I guess,¡± Sophie mumbled, leaning against the nearest wall, her
brain spinning spinning spinning.
   What if a different Vacker was her biological parent?
   She could be Fitz¡¯s cousin.
   Or his aunt, thanks to the weirdness of the elvin life span.
   In fact, for all she knew, her biological father could be Fallon
Vacker and she¡¯d be Fitz¡¯s great-great-great-great-great-great-great-
great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-
grandmother. Sort of, at least.
   ¡°Whoa, deep breaths!¡± Keefe said, rushing over to her side. ¡°It was
just a joke.¡±
   ¡°Not your smoothest moment,¡± Ro told him. ¡°Come on, Hunkyhair,
don¡¯t blow this!¡±
   Keefe ignored her, squatting a little to meet Sophie¡¯s eyes. ¡°You¡¯re
not a Vacker, Foster.¡±
   ¡°You don¡¯t know that,¡± she argued. ¡°It could be the reason Forkle
won¡¯t tell me, because it¡¯d bring too much scandal to the family. Or
because Fallon used to be with the Council or¡ª¡±
   ¡°Fallon?¡± Keefe interrupted. ¡°Wow, you¡¯ve gone deep, deep
conspiracy on me.¡±
   ¡°You have to admit it¡¯s possible, right?¡±
   She held her breath as Keefe considered, her mouth turning sourer
and sourer with each passing second.

   Eventually Keefe shook his head. ¡°Nah, I don¡¯t buy it. Forkle
would¡¯ve snuffed out your Fitz feelings a loooooooooong time ago if
you had any Vacker-family connection¡ªand yes, I¡¯m sure he knew
about your crush. You really weren¡¯t that great at hiding it.¡±

   Sophie tried to glare, but she was pretty sure it mostly looked sulky.
   ¡°Seriously,¡± he told her. ¡°I¡¯m one-hundred-percent positive about
this. See? No Vackers on the list.¡±
   He held up the blue notebook, showing her the still mostly blank
pages.
   There were no names on the list at all¡ªbut Keefe had put ¡°Foster
Mommy¡± on one side and ¡°Foster Daddy¡± on the other.
   ¡°Gah, what¡¯s wrong now?¡± he asked, wrapping an arm around her
shoulders to steady her as her knees wobbled.
   ¡°She needs to rest!¡± Sandor snapped. ¡°I told her she wasn¡¯t up for
this. Her conversation with Tam nearly brought back her echoes.¡±
   ¡°It did?¡± Keefe asked.
   ¡°I¡¯m fine,¡± Sophie insisted, but the words were too breathless to be
convincing, and she didn¡¯t have the energy to fight Keefe as he guided
her over to the bed. She even bent at the waist once she was sitting,
trying to keep blood flowing to her darkening brain.
   ¡°You need water,¡± Keefe told her, grabbing a bottle of Youth off the
floor and handing it to her. ¡°I¡¯ve had a few sips from this, but if I head
to the kitchen for a fresh one, Lord Annoyingpants will be waiting
there with questions.¡±
   Sophie nodded, taking the bottle with shaky hands and downing the
whole thing in one long swig. And the cool sweetness did clear most of
the fog from her head. ¡°Sorry,¡± she mumbled. ¡°I don¡¯t know what
happened.¡±
   ¡°Preeeeeeeetty sure it¡¯s called freaking out,¡± Keefe said, sinking
onto the bed beside her. ¡°The question is, why?¡±

   Sophie sighed, leaning back to stare at the ceiling. She hadn¡¯t
noticed the skylights scattered around the room, or how their thick
blue glass made it feel like she was peering up at the sky from
somewhere deep underwater¡ªwhich wasn¡¯t a helpful observation. It
made the tightness in her chest feel even more like she was drowning.
¡°I guess¡­ it¡¯s just hitting me that we¡¯re really doing this. We¡¯re really
trying to find my biological parents.¡±

   ¡°That¡¯s what you want, isn¡¯t it?¡± Keefe asked.
   She nodded.
   Then shook her head.
   ¡°No. I need to know who they are. But¡­ if I didn¡¯t¡­ I¡¯d be good with
just pretending they don¡¯t exist. And the thought of maybe having to
face them someday makes me sick.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, I got that when you almost blacked out on me. And I think
my stomach¡¯s going to need a week to recover from all of this. But
don¡¯t apologize,¡± he added when she was about to do just that. ¡°You¡¯re
allowed to freak out¡ªthis is a huge thing.¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± Sophie mumbled, relieved he understood. ¡°We¡¯re trying to
find the people who volunteered to give up their DNA so their child
could be turned into some freak¡ª¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re not a freak,¡± Keefe interrupted. ¡°You¡¯re special. There¡¯s a
huge difference.¡±
   She shrugged, not sure if she should agree to that.
   But she really wished she could.
   ¡°Either way, they didn¡¯t know how I¡¯d turn out when they signed me
up for this,¡± she argued. ¡°For all they knew, I could¡¯ve ended up with
two heads or three arms or something.¡±
   ¡°Ohhhhhh, that would¡¯ve been amazing!¡± Ro jumped in. ¡°The Black
Swan should totally make that happen someday!¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m pretty sure everyone involved with Project Moonlark trusted
that Forkle knew what he was doing,¡± Keefe said, ignoring his
bodyguard. ¡°He¡¯s supersmart when he¡¯s not being all curmudgeon-y.¡±

   ¡°Maybe. But it still seems like my parents can¡¯t be very awesome
people if they were willing to gamble like that with their kid.
Especially since they also knew how dangerous this would be.¡±

   Keefe hesitated a second before he reached for her gloved hand. ¡°I
definitely know how it feels to have a not-so-awesome family. But like
you¡¯re always telling me, that doesn¡¯t change anything about you.
And¡­ I have a feeling your biological parents signed up for this
because they knew Project Moonlark was going to create something
amazing, and they wanted to be a part of it, even if they had to do it
secretly and trust the Black Swan to keep their daughter safe.¡±

   ¡°I hope you¡¯re right,¡± she whispered, and silence settled between
them¡ªuntil Keefe started to pull his hand away. She tightened her
hold, needing that extra bit of support to ask, ¡°Do you think I already
know them?¡±

   Keefe chewed his lip. ¡°I kinda feel like Forkle might¡¯ve tried to
avoid that. Most people can¡¯t pull off hiding something so huge.¡±

   ¡°I guess that¡¯s true.¡± She sucked in a steadying breath before she
could admit, ¡°I think¡­ I¡¯m going to hate them. Especially if I have met
them and they¡¯ve pretended like I¡¯m nobody. That¡¯s the part I¡¯m
dreading. If it¡¯s someone I thought I liked¡­¡±

   ¡°I get that,¡± Keefe told her. ¡°But¡­ you found a way to make it work
with Forkle, right? After you found out he wasn¡¯t just the nosy old
human guy who lived next door like you thought, you figured out how
to deal with him as your ¡®creator.¡¯ And Calla was part of Project
Moonlark, and you two were super close. So¡­ I¡¯m not saying it won¡¯t
be weird at first, but with a little time it might get easier.¡±

   ¡°Maybe. But this feels bigger than all of that, you know? I mean,
they¡¯re my biological parents. They were supposed to love me. And I
know how awful I sound right now, since I¡¯ve gotten to live with two
super-awesome families and you¡¯ve been stuck with your mom and
dad. I realize how lucky I am. And I shouldn¡¯t need anything else. I
just¡­ it¡¯s hard to explain.¡±

   ¡°I get what you mean, though,¡± Keefe told her, twining their fingers
together. ¡°And I wish I was better at the whole ¡®saying smart stuff¡¯
thing. But¡­ whether you know your biological parents, or don¡¯t know
them, like them, hate them¡ªwhatever¡ªI know you¡¯ll find a way to get
through this. It¡¯s one of the things I¡¯m always jealous of about you.
You just¡­ handle stuff. No running away or making a bunch of huge
mistakes. Somehow you keep your head clear and just dig in and deal.
It¡¯s pretty amazing.¡±

   A smile peeked out of the corners of Sophie¡¯s lips. ¡°Thanks.¡±
   He nodded. ¡°And if you need any help, I¡¯m here.¡±
   ¡°I may take you up on that,¡± she told him, clinging to him a little
tighter before she forced herself to let go of his hand. She sat up
straighter. ¡°I guess we should get back to plan A, huh?¡±
   Keefe grabbed the blue notebook and pen, tapping his fingers
against the blank lists he¡¯d created.
   Tap tap tap tap.
   ¡°You know, Foster,¡± he said quietly, ¡°you don¡¯t have to do this if you
don¡¯t want to.¡±
   ¡°What do you mean?¡±
   ¡°I mean¡­ I can feel how much you¡¯re dreading it¡ªand I don¡¯t blame
you for that. So¡­ if you want to keep one unsolved mystery about your
past, I just want to make sure you know that no one will judge you.¡±
   She frowned. ¡°Pretty sure they will.¡±
   Keefe sighed. ¡°If you¡¯re worrying about all the matchmaking crud¡ª
don¡¯t. No one¡¯s going to care that you¡¯re unmatchable. At least not
anyone who matters.¡±
   ¡°Yes, they will,¡± she argued. ¡°You know they will. Especially¡­¡±
   She couldn¡¯t bring herself to use the name.
   Keefe looked away, tapping the notebook harder¡ªtap tap tap tap tap
¡ªbefore he blurted out, ¡°Fitz¡¯ll get over it.¡±
   Ro sighed super loudly, but Keefe shook his head and turned back to
Sophie. ¡°I¡¯m his best friend. I know these things. I mean, he¡¯s Fitz, so
yeah, odds are he¡¯ll need a little time to get used to everything¡ªand I¡¯ll
be right there to make sure he doesn¡¯t say something he regrets while
he¡¯s adjusting. But he¡¯s liked you for a really long time¡ªlonger than he
even realizes. So trust the Empath¡ªa piece of paper with or without
your name on it isn¡¯t going to change that. Fitz has also had to deal
with being related to Alvar, so he¡¯ll understand why you might not feel
ready to go exploring the sketchier parts of your biological family
tree.¡±
   Sophie wanted to scoop up the words and hug each and every one of
them¡ªand then hug Keefe for being sweet enough to say them.
   But that didn¡¯t mean she believed him.
   ¡°Come on, Keefe. We both know I¡¯m already the weird human girl
with the wrong color eyes who keeps getting caught up in a ton of
drama. The whole time I¡¯ve lived here, people have blamed me for the
bad stuff that¡¯s been happening and threatened to banish or exile me.
So if I¡¯m also unmatchable¡ªand someone dates me anyway? It¡¯ll be
like¡­ the scandal of the century.¡±
   ¡°Maybe,¡± he agreed. ¡°But that won¡¯t matter to anyone who cares
about you. It won¡¯t,¡± he insisted, before she could argue. ¡°And
honestly¡­ don¡¯t you think that¡¯s how it should be?¡±
   Yes.
   She really did.
   But she¡¯d also been through enough to know that life didn¡¯t always
work out the way it should.
   ¡°The thing is,¡± she said quietly, scraping together a truth she rarely
even admitted to herself, ¡°I¡¯m not sure if I can handle the drama of
being unmatchable either. I know you think I¡¯m a pro at dealing with
stuff, but¡­ I¡¯m tired of always being the exception to everything. All
I¡¯ve ever wanted to do is belong. And having my name on match lists
feels like the best proof I¡¯ll ever have that I really am supposed to be
here, you know? It¡¯s not just about crushes and dating.¡±
   Keefe studied her for a long second, like he was testing her resolve.
Then he held up the blue journal. ¡°Okay. On with plan A, then! But I
agree with Gigantor. You need to rest. No offense, but¡­ you look super
wiped¡ªand by the way, I¡¯m going to need more info on the whole
Bangs-Boy-stirring-up-your-echoes thing so I know how hard I need
to smack Tammy the next time I see him. But we¡¯ll get to that later.
Right now, you¡¯re going home, and I¡¯ll stop by tomorrow with the lists
so we can start working on a strategy.¡±
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°Uh, to quote you, ¡®There¡¯s no way you¡¯re
investigating my past without me.¡¯¡±
   He smirked. ¡°Yeah, that argument¡¯s going to work about as well for
you as it did for me. And come on, Foster, do you really think you¡¯re up
for spending hours brainstorming bio-mommy-and-daddy names? You
almost passed out after two minutes¡ªand I¡¯d probably do the same
thing. This is rough stuff. And you¡¯re already beat. So let me help. All
I¡¯m doing is making lists.¡±
   Her stubborn side wanted to keep arguing, but annoyingly he was
right. ¡°Fine. But you better not show those lists to anybody, or talk to
anyone on them without me.¡±
   ¡°Don¡¯t worry, Blondie. I won¡¯t let him screw this up,¡± Ro promised.
   ¡°Does that mean we¡¯re leaving?¡± Sandor asked, holding out his
hand.
   Sophie stood and fished out her home crystal. ¡°Yeah, I guess it
does.¡±
   But when she looked over at Keefe and thought about the roller
coaster of complicated conversations they¡¯d just been through, she
couldn¡¯t leave quite yet. Not without doing one more thing.
   And she didn¡¯t care if it was awkward. Or what anyone might think.
   She leaned over, pulling Keefe into the tightest hug possible, and
whispered, ¡°Thank you.¡±
   It took him a second to hug her back, and his arms felt a little stiff.
But his breath was warm in her ear as he told her, ¡°Anytime, Foster.
I¡¯m always here.¡±

¡°Everything okay?¡± Edaline asked, running over to where Sophie and
Sandor had arrived in the Havenfield pastures, and Sophie briefly
wondered why her mom was covered in verminion fur¡ªbut forgot
about it when Edaline added, ¡°Flori told me what¡¯s going on¡ªor
everything she knew, anyway.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯ll tell you the rest,¡± Sandor said, steering Sophie toward the front
door.

   Sophie locked her knees. ¡°No, you won¡¯t!¡±
   ¡°You and I both know you don¡¯t have the energy to go through the
whole conversation again,¡± Sandor argued. And when Sophie still
didn¡¯t relent, he leaned down and whispered, ¡°Don¡¯t fight me on this,
and I¡¯ll keep your matchmaking secrets¡ªthough you¡¯re going to need
to fill her in soon, now that you¡¯ve involved Keefe and the princess.¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± she whispered back, needing a quick eyelash tug to settle
her nerves. ¡°And fine. But I have one question first¡ªthen I¡¯ll go to
bed.¡±
   Sandor¡¯s sigh-growl made her ears ring.
   But he let her turn back to Edaline and ask, ¡°Is Grady still with the

Council?¡±
   Edaline nodded. ¡°But only because he went back to warn them after

I shared what Flori told me about Gethen probing Tam¡¯s memories.
And she was able to get ahold of the Black Swan as well, in case you¡¯re
wondering. Mr. Forkle said he¡¯ll let you know how they¡¯re going to
manage the situation once he¡¯s gotten a few things in motion. I¡¯m sure
the Council will have lots of questions about what Tam knows when
you meet with them tomorrow too.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s eyebrows shot up. ¡°I¡¯m meeting with the Council
tomorrow?¡±

   ¡°You are. They¡¯ve asked you to come to Eternalia at midday.¡±
   Sophie waited for her to add more, but Edaline had busied herself
with brushing the shaggy purple fur off the front of her tunic in slow,
methodical strokes. ¡°Is everything okay?¡±
   ¡°Of course! I just feel like I should wait for Grady to be home before
I say anything else.¡± She stole a quick glance at Sophie. ¡°But you¡¯re not
going to let it go now that I¡¯ve said something, are you?¡±
   ¡°You know me well,¡± Sophie agreed.
   ¡°Fine,¡± Edaline decided. ¡°But I¡¯ll only tell you after you¡¯ve showered,
gotten into bed, and let me bring you something to eat¡ªand I¡¯ve had a
chance to get some updates from Sandor. That¡¯s the deal. Take it or
leave it.¡±
   It was Sophie¡¯s turn to sigh-growl.
   But she knew a losing battle when she saw one. So she hurried
inside and took what might¡¯ve been the fastest shower she¡¯d ever taken
in her entire life. Her pajamas were bunched all weird as she stumbled
into bed, because she¡¯d tugged them on over her still-damp skin, and
her hair was probably sticking out in a hundred directions. But she
didn¡¯t care, because meeting with the Council was rarely a good thing.

   And meeting with them in Eternalia had her brain screaming,
DANGER! DANGER! DANGER!

   ¡°So what does the Council want?¡± she asked as Edaline snapped her
fingers, making a tray appear in her lap filled with colorful, mushy
foods that would taste way better than they looked.

   ¡°Take a few bites first,¡± Edaline told her, which wasn¡¯t technically
part of their deal. But it was easier to snarf down a few spoonfuls of
pinkish-greenish goo than to argue¡ªand bonus, it tasted like the most
amazing macaroni and cheese.

   Edaline sighed and sat beside her, tucking a soggy strand of
Sophie¡¯s hair behind her ear.

   ¡°The Council has agreed to share the classified details of Grady¡¯s
dwarven assignments with you. But only if you agree to work with
them in a more official capacity, so that they can demand you take
proper responsibility.¡±

   Sophie paused with the spoon halfway to her mouth. ¡°Do I want to
know what a ¡®more official capacity¡¯ means?¡±

   ¡°You do. It¡¯s good news¡ªthough it¡¯s definitely also a little strange
and might take some adjusting.¡± Edaline¡¯s smile was somehow equal
parts proud and wary as she added, ¡°It means they want to appoint you
as a Regent in the nobility.¡±
                     SIX

REGENT,¡± SOPHIE REPEATED.

   ¡°You have no idea what that means, do you?¡± Edaline guessed,
smoothing another strand of Sophie¡¯s wild post-shower hair.

   ¡°Not really,¡± Sophie admitted.
   She knew Vika Heks was a Regent, and that Regents were
technically less ¡°important¡± than Emissaries. But she honestly didn¡¯t
know what being an Emissary meant either¡ªdespite Grady having the
title.
   All nobility-related stuff fell into the category of Weird Elf-y Things
She Didn¡¯t Understand. She¡¯d been forced to accept the fact that she
was probably always going to be playing catch-up when it came to
knowledge about the Lost Cities.
   But she did remember one important detail. ¡°I thought someone
had to complete the elite levels at Foxfire before they could be part of
the nobility.¡±
   ¡°Normally that¡¯s true,¡± Edaline agreed. ¡°To be offered the title at
your age is unprecedented.¡±
   ¡°Oh good.¡± So she¡¯d get to have everyone grumbling about how she
wasn¡¯t qualified for that kind of fancy status¡ªand she couldn¡¯t even
blame them for being upset.
   The Talentless weren¡¯t allowed to join the nobility, in part because
they couldn¡¯t take part in the elite levels without manifesting a special
ability. So why should the weird girl raised by humans get to skip
ahead?
   Yes, she did have a special ability¡ªfive of them, actually. But once
people found out that she was unmatchable¡­

   ¡°I promise, this is good news,¡± Edaline said as Sophie scooted her
tray to the foot of the bed so she could curl her knees into her chest
and become a Sophie-ball. ¡°I know it sounds intimidating. But it really
might be the best way to protect the dwarves¡ªand Tam¡ªfrom
whatever the Neverseen are planning.¡±

   Maybe it was.
   But Sophie doubted that would matter once she was caught up in
some huge gossipy scandal.
   ¡°Will you please tell me what¡¯s wrong?¡± Edaline asked, leaning down
to make Sophie look at her. ¡°I know this isn¡¯t just about becoming a
Regent.¡±
   Lying was tempting.
   As was ignoring.
   But Sandor was right. Now that Keefe and Ro knew her secret, it
was only a matter of time before the truth was ¡°out there¡±¡ªand her
parents needed to know, in case she was right about all the ways being
unmatchable would ruin her life.
   So she reached for Ella, needing something to hide her face behind
as she forced herself to explain what had really happened in Atlantis.
   ¡°Oh, sweetheart,¡± Edaline whispered, pulling Sophie into her lap
and hugging her as tight as she could. ¡°Please don¡¯t cry¡ªit¡¯s going to
be okay.¡±
   ¡°Sorry,¡± Sophie mumbled, hating herself for getting all sniffly. She¡¯d
held it together pretty well with Keefe and Mr. Forkle. But for some
reason, saying it to her mom made her a puddle of snot and tears.
   ¡°Don¡¯t be sorry,¡± Edaline told her, wiping Sophie¡¯s cheeks. ¡°I¡¯m
sorry that life always has to be so complicated for you. I was really
hoping it wouldn¡¯t come to this.¡±
   Sophie pulled back to study her. ¡°Wait. You knew I¡¯d be
unmatchable too?¡±

   She was officially starting to hate everybody. And herself. And the
world. And¡ª

   ¡°I didn¡¯t,¡± Edaline assured her, reaching out to brush away more of
Sophie¡¯s tears. ¡°But¡­ I guess Grady¡¯s been worried for a while. He
never mentioned it to me until you started avoiding your friends after
we got back from Atlantis.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯d been holding out hope that the Black Swan had provided your
genetic information to the matchmakers,¡± Grady said from the
doorway, making both Sophie and Edaline jump, ¡°since their records
are far more secure than the registry.¡±

   ¡°They are?¡± Sophie asked, swiping at her runny nose and wishing
she had a tissue.

   Edaline snapped her fingers, conjuring up a silky handkerchief for
her. ¡°Controlling who people marry is fraught with challenges¡ªas you
well know. And the Council needs people to trust the system without
question. So only the matchmakers themselves are allowed to know
anything about their process, or the reasons behind their specific
decisions. No one can access their own file, or the file of anyone else.¡±

   ¡°That¡¯s why I kept hoping their record for you might be complete,¡±
Grady added as he made his way over to the bed, ¡°but I should¡¯ve
known the Black Swan wouldn¡¯t take any risks. I don¡¯t understand why
they¡¯re keeping your genetic parents secret, but I¡¯m sure they have
their reasons. Hopefully someday they¡¯ll share them. In the
meantime¡±¡ªhe pulled Sophie and Edaline into a family group hug¡ª¡°I
need you to know that as far as your mom and I are concerned, this
changes nothing. You¡¯re amazing. We love you. And we will support
whatever decisions you make. Okay?¡±

   Sophie hugged them tighter, barely managing to choke out, ¡°Okay.¡±
   ¡°And hey,¡± Grady added, ¡°if this makes you decide to put the whole
dating thing on hold for a while, I can definitely get behind that¡ª
OW!¡±

   He pulled back from the hug, rubbing the tender part of his arm
where Edaline must have pinched him.

   ¡°What your overprotective father¡ªwho, unfortunately, will always
struggle with the idea of you growing up¡ªis trying to say, is that we¡¯re
here for anything you need,¡± Edaline clarified. ¡°And that includes
whatever investigating you might be planning to do into your
biological family. I¡¯m assuming that¡¯s why you went to talk to Mr.
Forkle today? And I¡¯m guessing he was less than cooperative, and now
you¡¯re determined to find out what you can on your own while you also
look into all the other important things going on?¡±

   ¡°Something like that,¡± Sophie admitted, picking at the tiny silver
gadgets covering her index fingernails and her thumbnails. Tinker had
designed them to control her enhancing, so she wouldn¡¯t always have
to wear gloves¡ªthough she still wore gloves most of the time as an
extra precaution. ¡°That¡­ doesn¡¯t bother you guys?¡±

   ¡°It does if the search is going to cause more Elwin visits or
Tribunals,¡± Grady told her.

   ¡°Avoiding anything dangerous or illegal would be best,¡± Edaline
agreed. ¡°But again¡ªtranslating for your overprotective father¡ªof
course it doesn¡¯t bother us. We know your past is complicated. And we
never want you to feel like you have to deny or hide any part of it. So if
there¡¯s some way we can help, just say the word¡ªand please never
worry that it¡¯s going to upset us.¡±

   ¡°Thanks,¡± Sophie mumbled, blinking hard to fight off the fresh
burn of tears. ¡°Right now, I don¡¯t have much of a plan. Keefe¡¯s making
some lists, but¡ª¡±
   ¡°You told That Boy about this?¡± Grady interrupted. ¡°He didn¡¯t make
you feel embarrassed, did he? Or pressure you to¡ª¡±

   ¡°Actually, he told me no one would care about the unmatchable
thing,¡± Sophie corrected. ¡°Well, not anyone who mattered, at least.¡±

   Edaline¡¯s smile practically glowed. ¡°That was very sweet of him¡ª
not that I¡¯m surprised.¡±

   Grady snorted.
   ¡°And he¡¯s absolutely right,¡± Edaline added, elbowing Grady in the
ribs.
   Sophie shrugged, still not convinced. She stared at her lap and
folded and unfolded the handkerchief. ¡°He actually tried to talk me out
of finding my biological parents when he realized how weird it was
going to be for me. But¡­ I have to.¡±
   ¡°No, you don¡¯t.¡± Edaline tilted Sophie¡¯s chin up. ¡°Seriously, Sophie
¡ªand I¡¯m not saying that because I don¡¯t want you finding them. I just
want to make sure you know that if your current matchmaking status
is a deal-breaker for someone, they don¡¯t deserve you. Yes, being
unmatchable will bring its share of challenges. But those challenges
will mean nothing if someone truly loves you.¡±
   ¡°How can you say that after what happened with¡­¡± Sophie stopped
herself from blurting out the name, worried she was about to cross a
line.
   ¡°What happened with Jolie was a tragedy,¡± Edaline finished quietly.
¡°And there¡¯s no excuse for what Brant did¡ªeven if it was a horrible
accident. But¡­ part of me will always wonder what would¡¯ve happened
if I hadn¡¯t put so much emphasis on matchmaking. I¡¯ll never know if
things would be different if I¡¯d truly supported their relationship¡ªone
hundred percent¡ªfrom the moment Jolie picked up her final list and
found that Brant¡¯s name still wasn¡¯t on it. That¡¯s why I¡¯m not making
that mistake again. I understand why the matchmaking system exists.
And I¡¯m grateful every day that it steered me toward Grady.¡± She
reached for her husband¡¯s hand, clinging tight. ¡°But¡­ the system
definitely has its flaws. And if it¡¯s going to exclude you for something
you can¡¯t control¡ªespecially since I know Mr. Forkle would never let
you form an attachment to someone you¡¯re related to¡ªI hope you¡¯ll
trust yourself enough to know what you truly want and ignore the rest.
And Grady and I will support you every single step of the way.¡±

   ¡°We will,¡± Grady agreed. ¡°Though I gotta say, I hear staying single
can be amazing.¡± He yanked his hand free before Edaline could pinch
him again.

   Sophie rolled her eyes. ¡°You know this isn¡¯t just about dating, right?
Everyone¡¯s going to freak when they find out. And I¡¯m sure the
Council will take back their fancy appointment faster than you can say
¡®Regent.¡¯¡±

   Maybe they¡¯d even kick her out of Foxfire.¡­
   ¡°Why?¡± Grady asked. ¡°Marriage has nothing to do with the nobility.
In fact, some Regents and Emissaries are even advised to stay single¡ª
that way they¡¯ll have the option of becoming a Councillor someday,
should an opening arise.¡±
   The Councillors weren¡¯t allowed to have any immediate family ties
because it could hinder their ability to make objective decisions.
   ¡°Okay,¡± Sophie said, wishing it could be that simple, ¡°but¡­ how
many bad matches have been appointed to the nobility?¡±
   Grady and Edaline shared a look.
   ¡°I¡­ can¡¯t think of anyone,¡± Edaline admitted. ¡°But it¡¯s hard to keep
up with all the Regents, Mentors, and Emissaries.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m sure it is,¡± Sophie conceded. ¡°But, given the way people treat
bad matches, I¡¯m betting there haven¡¯t been any. And even if there
have been¡­ I¡¯m unmatchable. I¡¯ll be stuck with that label whether I date
or not¡ªand I¡¯m sure it¡¯s never happened to anyone before, so that¡¯s
going to make it an even bigger deal. Which means, once the news gets
out¡ªand you know it will, given how many people have already
figured it out without me telling them¡ªit¡¯s going to turn into this
huge drama. And if I¡¯m a Regent, I¡¯m sure they¡¯ll demand the title be
taken away, and then I¡¯ll be the Girl Who Got Kicked Out of the
Nobility and¡ª¡±

   ¡°Whoa, easy there,¡± Grady interrupted, wrapping an arm around her
shoulders. ¡°I think you¡¯re forgetting that power and talent will always
reign supreme around here. How else would someone as grumpy as
Bronte end up on the Council? And no one¡ªno one¡ªcan deny the
value of your abilities. Or how much we need your help with the huge
problems we¡¯re up against.¡±

   Edaline reached for Sophie¡¯s hand. ¡°I know people haven¡¯t always
been as welcoming, or as accepting of you as they should¡¯ve been. Our
world wasn¡¯t prepared for the challenges we¡¯re now facing. And many
unfairly blamed you, because you were new and different and
completely unexpected. But they¡¯re beginning to see how very much
we need you.¡±

   ¡°That¡¯s actually another reason the Council is offering you this
appointment,¡± Grady added as Sophie¡¯s skin turned prickly with
responsibility. ¡°They want to send a message¡ªloud and clear¡ªthat
you¡¯re officially on their side.¡±

   Sophie chewed her lip. ¡°Am I on their side, though?¡±
   ¡°I think it¡¯s time for you to be,¡± Grady admitted. ¡°If the Neverseen
are working to sway the public to their side, then the best thing you
can do¡ªfor yourself, the Black Swan, and the Council¡ªis prove that
you¡¯re not some rogue rebel circumventing our weak leaders. Show
everyone that you¡¯re a valuable ally working in unison with the
Councillors because you respect and trust their authority. Make the
Council look good, if you can. And take advantage of the resources that
only a Regent is entitled to have.¡±

   ¡°Like what?¡± she asked. ¡°I still don¡¯t even know what a Regent is.¡±
   ¡°Their specific duties and privileges vary,¡± Edaline told her. ¡°So try
to think of it more as ¡®redefining your relationship with the Council.¡¯
You¡¯d be one step closer to being their equal, and as such, they¡¯d grant
you the power to make certain decisions that an ordinary citizen
wouldn¡¯t be authorized to make. Like¡­ choosing moments to bend the
rules of telepathy¡ªor break them. Or when to teleport to important
places, even if they¡¯re technically forbidden.¡±
   ¡°So¡­ things you already do¡ªbut now you wouldn¡¯t get in trouble
for them,¡± Grady teased, jostling her gently. ¡°And there¡¯s a lot more to
it than that. But, like Edaline said, it¡¯s hard to know the specifics until
you have your first assignment.¡±
   ¡°They¡¯re going to give me an assignment?¡±
   ¡°They¡¯re going to give you lots of assignments,¡± Grady corrected.
¡°That¡¯s why the nobility exists¡ªto provide the Councillors with
reliable people who can assist them with the projects they either don¡¯t
have time for, or that require special skills. The title just provides you
the clearance to access classified secrets and the authority to act on the
Council¡¯s behalf.¡±
   ¡°Lady Sophie,¡± Edaline said, her voice all singsongy.
   Sophie winced.
   Keefe would have way too much fun with that.
   ¡°Please tell me people won¡¯t have to curtsy to me,¡± she mumbled.
   Grady laughed. ¡°They won¡¯t have to unless you demand it. But
they¡¯ll probably do it on their own. Or bow.¡±
   She groaned.
   It was bad enough walking through the halls of Foxfire surrounded
by all of her bodyguards. If people were dipping curtsies or bowing,
she might as well ask Magnate Leto to set up a permanent spotlight to
follow her around.

   ¡°What happens if I don¡¯t want to be a Regent?¡± she whispered.
   ¡°Then you won¡¯t be a Regent,¡± Grady said simply. ¡°No one¡¯s going
to force you to accept the appointment. But at least hear the Council
out before you make up your mind, okay? I know they¡¯ve made some
huge mistakes, so I don¡¯t blame you for having reservations. I¡¯m sure
you remember how hard I resisted becoming an Emissary again after
what happened with Jolie. But¡­ I think the problems we¡¯re facing with
the Neverseen are reaching a point where having the Council on your
side is going to be essential. For example, the title will be a huge help
when you¡¯re dealing with King Enki. He responds better to those with
obvious authority.¡±
   ¡°Will the Council tell me what my first assignment will be before I
have to decide?¡±
   She¡¯d have to make sure it wouldn¡¯t interfere with everything Mr.
Forkle needed her to work on¡ªand the search for her genetic parents
¡ªand Keefe¡¯s missing memories¡ªand Tam¡ªand¡­
   ¡°I know you have a lot going on,¡± Grady promised. ¡°And so does the
Council. I got the impression that their assignment will be right in line
with everything you¡¯re already tackling. But we¡¯ll find out more
tomorrow. They wanted to explain everything to you personally.¡±
   She blew out a breath, wishing she didn¡¯t have to ask her next
question. ¡°Will I have to tell them I¡¯m unmatchable?¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s up to you,¡± Edaline jumped in. ¡°If you¡¯re worried that there
will be problems once they find out, then it might set your mind at
ease to clue them in and see what they say. But it¡¯s also private
information¡ªand it¡¯s a status that may very easily change if you track
down your biological parents. So, you¡¯re definitely not required to
share.¡±
   ¡°Take the night and sleep on it,¡± Grady recommended, leaning in
and kissing her on the forehead. ¡°You¡¯ve had a long day. I¡¯m sure
everything will feel clearer in the morning.¡±

   Sophie grabbed his wrist to stop him from leaving. ¡°Wait. You
didn¡¯t tell me what the Councillors said about the Neverseen probing
Tam¡¯s memories.¡±

   She was really getting tired of all the matchmaking drama
sidetracking her from the bigger problems they were facing.

   But Grady shrugged. ¡°They actually weren¡¯t worried¡ªbut that
might be because Tam doesn¡¯t know anything that specifically
compromises the Council.¡±

   ¡°I take it that means you didn¡¯t tell them I lost Kenric¡¯s cache?¡±
Sophie asked, even if ¡°lost¡± wasn¡¯t technically the right word to
describe what happened.

   ¡°I didn¡¯t,¡± Grady agreed, ¡°because if the Neverseen had a way to
open the cache, they would¡¯ve used it already. And that¡¯s actually what
the Council said about all the secrets that were stolen from Tam. The
Neverseen have had that knowledge for long enough to do something
with it, and yet nothing¡¯s changed. So the Councillors feel that the
more important lesson is for the Black Swan to be much more open
with them in the future, to ensure that our enemies never have more
knowledge than our leaders.¡±

   ¡°But shouldn¡¯t we¡ª¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll update Grady on all the things Sandor told me about Tam and
Keefe while you get some sleep,¡± Edaline interrupted, snapping her
fingers to make Sophie¡¯s dinner tray disappear. ¡°Try not to stress.
You¡¯ve done all you can for today.¡±
   ¡°But¡ª¡±
   ¡°You need to rest,¡± Edaline insisted, pulling the covers back so
Sophie could crawl underneath. ¡°Sandor told me what happened with
your echoes¡ªand thank goodness Flori¡¯s song was able to calm them
again. But that was still an incredibly close call, and you need to let
your body recover.¡±

   Sophie wanted to argue, but¡­ she was pretty wiped.
   The exhaustion hit even harder when Edaline turned off the lights.
   ¡°Sleep,¡± Edaline told her. ¡°That way you can get back to work
tomorrow feeling as strong as possible.¡±
   ¡°Sweet dreams,¡± Grady added, which should¡¯ve been impossible,
given her current list of worries. But Silveny reached out telepathically
after Grady and Edaline left, filling Sophie¡¯s head with soothing scenes
of Wynn and Luna snuggling.
   The nuzzle-filled memories left Sophie just enough concentration to
warn Silveny to keep Wynn away from the gorgodon. Then she drifted
off into dreams filled with cuddly alicorn babies.
   Somewhere in the night, though, the scenes shifted to glittering
castles and cheering faces. And among them were two blurry figures¡ª
one male, one female¡ªstanding apart but somehow also together.
   ¡°We¡¯re so proud of you!¡± they shouted in unison, stretching out
their arms like they wanted to hug her.
   By the time she¡¯d fought her way through the crowd, they were
gone.

¡°If this is how I¡¯m going to have to dress all the time, I¡¯m definitely
passing on the Regent appointment,¡± Sophie grumbled, trying to lift
her dark blue gown as she walked¡ªbut there were so many tiers of
tulle, she couldn¡¯t find the right layer of fabric to grab. It would only
be a matter of time before her much-too-narrow heels caught on the
hem and she ended up sprawled across the shimmering sidewalk.

   Sure, the gown was also gorgeous. The skirt had an ombr¨¦ effect
that made it look like wisps of twilight were floating around her, and
the waist was dotted with dozens of tiny diamond stars¡ªthe same
stars that decorated the halter neckline and sparkled along the edges
of her gloves. More diamonds formed a glittering galaxy across the
velvet cape covering her shoulders. And Vertina¡ªthe tiny talking face
programmed into her spectral mirror¡ªhad even managed to convince
Sophie to brush a little smoky powder across her eyelids and tie back
the front part of her hair with strands of silver tinsel.

   But Sophie would never not be annoyed that she¡¯d had to play Pretty
Princess Dress-Up when she could¡¯ve used the time to update her
friends about Tam, or to check in with Keefe about his memories.

   Plus, leggings, boots, and tunics were so much more comfortable.
   ¡°How much farther do we have to walk?¡± she asked, wishing Sandor
would move a little slower so she could hide behind his massive
muscles. Eternalia wasn¡¯t as bustling of a city as Atlantis, but there
were still plenty of people staring as she followed Grady down a street
lined with enormous jeweled buildings.
   Bo, Flori, and Edaline hadn¡¯t been invited to join them.
   ¡°Just a few more blocks,¡± Grady promised, looking particularly regal
in his burgundy jerkin with silver leaf embroidery, starched gray
trousers, and smoky gray cape.
   Their leap had brought them to the glassy river that divided the
main city from the twelve identical crystal castles that served as the
Councillors¡¯ offices, and they¡¯d spent the majority of their walk on a
meandering path along the shore, bathed in the shade of the towering
palmlike trees called ¡°the Pures.¡± But now they¡¯d headed into a section
that was more like the capital¡¯s ¡°downtown¡±¡ªnothing but wall-to-wall
sparkly buildings for block after block. And each street was a mix of
before and after. The solid-colored buildings built from bricks of a
single gemstone were the ¡°originals¡± that had survived Fintan¡¯s
Everblaze attack. The newer replacement buildings were elaborate,
multicolored jeweled mosaics.

   Either way, the wealth on display was staggering.
   Sophie had only been to Eternalia a few times, and most of those
visits had involved dramatic, life-changing rulings from the Council,
so she found herself huffing out a sigh of relief once they¡¯d passed the
emerald walls of Tribunal Hall¡ªone of the few buildings that had
been rebuilt to look exactly the way it had looked before: huge and
green and intimidating. But her chest tightened back up when she
realized their path was heading toward one of the largest structures in
the city: a sprawling diamond palace framed by four domed towers.
   The building glittered so brightly in the midday sunlight that
Sophie had to shield her eyes as they drew closer. If Ro had been there,
she would¡¯ve called it ¡°sparkle overload.¡± And honestly? She would¡¯ve
been right.
   ¡°This is the Seat of Eminence,¡± Grady explained as they made their
way up the palace¡¯s wide diamond steps. ¡°Think of it as the hub of the
nobility.¡± He pressed his palm against the rectangular door, which
looked like it had been made from threads of gold and silver woven
together. ¡°Only Regents, Emissaries, and Mentors may enter. But the
Council has granted you early access today since they¡¯re offering you
an appointment.¡±
   He leaned in to lick the DNA sensor that appeared next to his
thumb, and Sophie¡¯s insides squirmed as the doors swung inward to
reveal¡­
   ¡­ a whole lot of darkness.
   She might¡¯ve been staring into an unlit foyer. Or a corridor. Or a
dungeon. There was no way to tell.
   ¡°Where does all of the light go?¡± she asked, trailing her hand over
the outer wall, which was sparkly and clear and should¡¯ve been
flooding the interior with sunshine.
   ¡°The diamonds are cut with a specific pattern of facets that reflects

all of the light away. It¡¯s one of the ways the Seat of Eminence remains
untouched by any outside force or influence. The palace is also a place
of peace, where even the Councillors¡¯ own bodyguards aren¡¯t meant to
follow¡ªbut they¡¯ve made an exception for Sandor because they want
you to feel safe. Their only requirement is that your weapons must
remain stowed,¡± he warned as Sandor pushed past them to take the
lead.

   ¡°Places of peace are generally the most vulnerable,¡± Sandor
countered, gripping the hilt of his sword. But he kept the blade
sheathed when he strode through the doorway.

   Sophie expected his body to be swallowed by the shadows, but as
soon as Sandor crossed the threshold, a thread of fuzzy grayish light
flared around him, forming a spotlight that looked like he was
standing in the center of a glowing lasso.

   A similar light coiled around Grady when he followed¡ªexcept his
glow was orange.

   Sophie¡¯s was vivid red.
   ¡°Do the colors mean something?¡± she asked when she noticed the
way Grady was studying her.
   He nodded. ¡°Different talents flare in different shades. And given
your multiple abilities, I¡¯d assumed your light would be nearly white,
from the spectrum blending together. Or if one ability was going to
dominate, I¡¯d figured you¡¯d glow blue, like the other Telepaths.¡±
   ¡°Which ability is red?¡± she asked, even though she was pretty sure
she could guess.
   ¡°I think it¡¯s inflicting¡ªbut the Councillors always glow silver when
they¡¯re here, to ensure they present as equals, so I¡¯ve never seen what
shade Bronte would flare on his own.¡±
   Sophie sighed.
   She wasn¡¯t a huge fan of her inflicting ability, given how intense the
power was¡ªand how impossible it was to control. And it definitely
didn¡¯t help that now it made her look like some sort of possessed girl
from a human horror movie.
   ¡°Come on, kiddo,¡± Grady said, hooking an arm around her
shoulders. ¡°The Council¡¯s waiting.¡±
   Sandor kept his place in the lead, and Sophie had no idea how he
knew which way to go. Even with their strange spotlights, the
darkness remained so thick that she couldn¡¯t see more than a few feet
in front of her in any direction.
   ¡°Not saying I don¡¯t appreciate the ominous aesthetic they have
going on here,¡± she said after several minutes of walking. ¡°But isn¡¯t
this kind of a waste of space?¡±
   Also a waste of time¡ªbut she stopped herself from saying that in
case the Council was somehow listening. This process was already
taking much longer than she¡¯d wanted, and it technically hadn¡¯t even
started yet.
   ¡°The design is meant to ensure that by the time we reach the main
chambers, we¡¯ve cleared our minds of everything except the reason
we¡¯re here,¡± Grady explained¡ªwhich she was absolutely failing at.
¡°Serving in the nobility means disconnecting from your daily life and
fully immersing yourself in your duties to the Council. I realize that
may be extra challenging for you,¡± he added, obviously knowing her
way too well. ¡°You¡¯re carrying a ton of truly daunting responsibilities
¡ªmore than I probably know about. But try to remember that what
we¡¯re here to discuss could help with some of those problems¡ªif you
decide you feel comfortable accepting the appointment, that is.¡±
   ¡°I know. It¡¯s just¡­¡± Sophie¡¯s voice trailed off as the fuzzy glow of
another spotlight became visible up ahead.
   The light looked white from a distance, but as they drew closer, it
took on a greenish tint. And when the figure in the center finally came
into focus¡­

   ¡°Dex?¡± Sophie whispered, blinking to make sure the strawberry-
blond boy with periwinkle eyes wasn¡¯t some sort of mirage. ¡°What are
you doing here?¡±

   ¡°No idea,¡± he admitted with a smile that was a tad too nervous to
reach his dimples. ¡°I was just about to ask you the same thing.¡±

   ¡°Are you here alone?¡± Grady asked.
   The answer seemed pretty obvious, given that there were no other
spotlights¡ªuntil a familiar female voice declared, ¡°Nope!¡± and Biana
appeared next to Dex in a halo of flickering violet light.
   Her magenta gown was much simpler than the styles Biana usually
favored. The only adornment was an embroidered teal sash that
matched her stunning eyes¡ªnot that it stopped Biana from looking
more glamorous and gorgeous than anyone else ever could. The gown
was also sleeveless, with a V-shaped neckline that left the scars on
Biana¡¯s arms, shoulders, and back prominently displayed. She¡¯d hidden
the marks for a while, but now she didn¡¯t look the least bit bothered by
the way the thin, jagged lines almost glowed in the strange lighting.
And it made Sophie want to hug her really, really hard.
   ¡°How did you guys get into this building?¡± Grady asked them.
   ¡°And where are your bodyguards?¡± Sandor demanded. Biana was
notorious for ditching poor Woltzer, but Dex and Lovise usually stuck
together.
   ¡°They weren¡¯t invited,¡± a third voice said as another violet spotlight
flickered to life and Della appeared next to her daughter wearing a
peacock blue gown with shimmering gold beading that was almost as
stunningly beautiful as she was.
   Sandor muttered something about Vanishers as Sophie clutched her
chest. But her racing pulse had more to do with the possibility of a
blue spotlight appearing in the darkness.

   ¡°Fitz wasn¡¯t invited either,¡± Biana told her, guessing why Sophie
was scanning the shadows. ¡°And boy, was he pouty about it. He¡¯s
going to flip when he finds out you were here.¡±

   Dex¡¯s grin shifted to full dimple mode. ¡°Can I be the one to tell
him?¡±

   Sophie shot him a glare that hopefully said Don¡¯t start before she
turned to Grady. ¡°Why didn¡¯t you tell me they¡¯d be here?¡±

   ¡°I didn¡¯t know,¡± Grady promised.
   ¡°Neither did we, until about an hour ago,¡± Della said, adjusting one
of the jeweled combs she¡¯d set into her dark, wavy hair. ¡°A messenger
showed up at Everglen with a scroll telling me to pick up Dex from
Rimeshire and bring him and Biana here by midday.¡±
   ¡°We received a similar summons,¡± an equally familiar¡ªbut much
less friendly¡ªvoice huffed behind them.
   Sophie¡¯s jaw locked as she spun around to find two tall figures
striding toward them, lit by baby pink spotlights: Vika Heks, in a fitted
yellow gown that matched her sour expression. And her daughter,
Stina, whose gown was covered in so many jewels, it probably weighed
more than she did.
   ¡°What¡¯s the matter, Foster?¡± Stina asked, tossing her curly hair and
crossing her bony arms. ¡°You didn¡¯t think you¡¯re the only one who
gets special messages from the Council, did you? Or are you just mad
that neither of your boyfriends seem to have made the guest list?¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s true,¡± Dex murmured. ¡°Keefe¡¯s not here. If he was, I¡¯m sure
he¡¯d have a lot to say about his pretty pink spotlight.¡±
   Biana giggled. ¡°Maybe he¡¯s on his way.¡±
   ¡°Ro won¡¯t let him come, even if he is invited,¡± Sophie realized, then
transmitted to Dex and Biana, It¡¯s a long story. I saw Mr. Forkle yesterday
and¡­ there¡¯s a lot going on¡ªI promise I¡¯ll catch you up on everything as
soon as we¡¯re done here, before she turned back to Stina and added, ¡°and
I don¡¯t have a boyfriend.¡±

   ¡°You don¡¯t?¡± Della asked, then flushed and shook her head. ¡°Never
mind. Forget I said anything.¡±

   Sophie wished she could.
   She also wished she hadn¡¯t noticed the way Biana was frowning at
her.
   Or how relieved Grady looked.
   Or the way Stina was smirking like a cat that had just trapped a
tiny, helpless bird.
   ¡°Did your invitations explain why the Council was calling you
here?¡± Grady asked Della and Vika, mercifully changing the subject.
   ¡°Ours didn¡¯t,¡± yet another voice announced behind them.
   Everyone turned to find Sir Tiergan illuminated by a spotlight that
glowed in the same deep blue as his eyes. The bold color somehow
made the contrast between his olive complexion and pale blond hair
look even more severe than usual, but the effect softened when he
offered Sophie a kind smile.
   ¡°It wasn¡¯t an invitation,¡± his adopted son, Wylie, corrected, tugging
on the front of his sunset-toned cape. ¡°It was an order.¡± Wylie¡¯s
spotlight shifted colors with the words: peach one second, yellow the
next, then purple¡ªeach halo so bright that it tinted his dark skin the
same shade¡ªand Sophie couldn¡¯t tell if that was happening naturally,
or if Wylie was using his ability as a Flasher to control it. ¡°And some of
us had things we needed to do today.¡±
   He turned to pace, and Sophie understood his impatience. But now
he had her worried that something was going on that she didn¡¯t know
about¡ªmaybe with his father¡ªor Linh.
   ¡°What did you need to do?¡± she asked.
   Wylie glanced at the others before he shook his head. ¡°I¡¯ll tell you

later.¡±
   Stina snorted. ¡°It¡¯s cute how you think we care about your boring

secrets. We don¡¯t.¡±
   ¡°Let¡¯s hope that will not always be the case,¡± a rich, velvety voice

boomed from somewhere in the shadows, making everyone suck in a
breath.

   The words reverberated through the room as twelve spotlights
flared in a wide circle around their group, illuminating each of the
Councillors with a nearly blinding halo of silver. Sophie was usually
able to tell the Councillors apart, since they comprised a wide mix of
skin colors and hairstyles and facial features. But between the strange
lighting and their matching outfits, they looked eerily alike. Their
tailored silver suits and pulled-back hair even made it hard to
distinguish between the different genders. And they were wearing
identical diamond crowns instead of their individual gemstone
circlets.

   Their long silver cloaks were all pinned with clasps shaped like
glowing golden keys¡ªa style Sophie had only seen the Councillors
wear one other time. The day she moved to the Lost Cities and found
herself facing a test that decided her future with the elves.

   Her stomach turned very flippy at the reminder, and she scanned
each of the Councillors¡¯ faces, searching for Oralie¡ªone of her
strongest allies on the Council¡ªfinally picking her out on the right
side of the circle thanks to a soft blond ringlet that had broken free
from her tight bun.

   But Oralie didn¡¯t look her way.
   And there was something off about her expression¡ªa strange
tension in her pretty features. As if she were as anxious to be done
with this process as Sophie was.

   ¡°Welcome to the Seat of Eminence,¡± Councillor Emery said as the
spotlights dimmed enough to make the Councillors more
recognizable. All heads turned toward the dark-skinned elf who served
as spokesperson for the Council, and his sapphire eyes flicked from
face to face as he stepped forward and folded his hands. ¡°We apologize
for the somewhat last-minute nature of this meeting, and realize that
you all likely have many questions about why we¡¯ve brought you here¡ª
particularly since this place is accessible only to those who bear titles
for the oaths they¡¯ve sworn to our service. And that is not changing, in
case you were wondering. Those of you who required an escort to gain
access today will not be permitted to visit again, unless you have a title
of your own.¡±

   Vika gasped. ¡°Does that mean¡­?¡±
   Her voice choked off when Emery cleared his throat.
   ¡°I¡¯ll explain what it means in a moment,¡± he told her. ¡°But first, we
must verify something.¡± His gaze turned to Sophie. ¡°Is it safe to
assume, Miss Foster, that your father has explained his reason for
bringing you here?¡±
   Sophie nodded, fighting the urge to duck behind Grady.
   ¡°And will you be accepting our offer?¡± Emery asked.
   Every single bit of moisture in Sophie¡¯s mouth evaporated. ¡°I¡­
thought you guys were going to give me more information about what
you need me to do before I had to decide.¡±
   ¡°We will be happy to answer your questions. But certain things have
changed, and we need to know if you¡¯re interested before we
continue.¡±
   Sophie glanced at Grady for help.
   ¡°No one has ever had to make an oath with so little information,¡± he
reminded the Councillors.

   ¡°We¡¯re not asking for her oath. We¡¯re asking if she¡¯s willing,¡± Emery
clarified, which¡­ didn¡¯t actually sound all that different to Sophie.
¡°And we¡¯re asking now, because if she isn¡¯t, there¡¯s no point in
continuing with any of this.¡±

   ¡°Any of what?¡± Tiergan demanded.
   Emery reached up to rub his temples, moderating the other
Councillors telepathically.
   ¡°Very well,¡± he said after a painful beat of silence. ¡°I¡¯d hoped to
avoid an interruption-filled discussion. But it seems we must do this
out of order.¡± He cleared his throat. ¡°Yesterday, in light of several
serious developments that Lord Grady brought to our attention, we
decided to redefine the qualifications for the nobility in order to
extend an invitation to Miss Foster. Our plan was to appoint her as a
Regent today, so that she can pair her unique talents with the
resources available to our nobles, and assist us with these pressing
challenges more fully.¡± He paused to let that sink in before he added,
¡°But upon further discussion, we discovered that we¡¯d made one
crucial miscalculation. Miss Foster¡¯s greatest successes are rarely hers
alone. She¡¯s most valuable when working in tandem with others¡ª
which is not an insult to you, Miss Foster. As Councillors, we are far
better as a united group of twelve than we could ever be as individuals.
But because of that, we realized the best way to utilize you would be to
place you with a team¡ªone carefully selected, arranged, and
monitored by us, to ensure maximum efficiency.¡±
   Dex, Biana, Wylie, and Sophie all looked at each other.
   Then they looked at Stina Heks.
   And Stina summed it up for them. ¡°You have to be kidding me.¡±
   ¡°We¡¯re not,¡± Councillor Emery assured her. ¡°We¡¯ve invited the five
of you here today because you¡¯ve each been chosen for this
revolutionary new approach to the Regency¡ªbut the arrangement
hinges on Miss Foster¡¯s willingness to accept the position of leader.¡±

   ¡°Leader,¡± Sophie repeated, liking that term even less when the
Council was the one assigning it to her.

   ¡°Yes,¡± Councillor Emery said, pausing to glance at each of the other
Councillors before he added. ¡°The leader of Team Prodigious.¡±
                   SEVEN

SO, QUESTION,¡± DEX SAID, BREAKING the uncomfortable silence. ¡°Can

we get a cooler name? Because ¡®Team Prodigious¡¯ is an epic fail.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m not even a prodigy anymore,¡± Wylie added.
   Sophie knew she should probably worry that Wylie would be

annoyed that he wasn¡¯t being put in charge, given that he was the
eldest of their group, and the only one of them who¡¯d actually taken
the elite levels¡ªand was therefore the only one legitimately qualified
to be a Regent. But her brain was too stuck on the fact that she was
expected to officially be the leader.

   Of Team Prodigious.
   Her nose crinkled.
   Dex was right. That name had to go.
   ¡°It¡¯s not a reference to prodigies,¡± Councillor Emery tried to
explain. ¡°¡®Prodigious¡¯ means ¡®extraordinary.¡¯¡±
   ¡°It also means ¡®abnormal,¡¯¡± Councillor Bronte informed them, with
the closest thing to a smile that his sharp-featured face was capable of
making.
   ¡°Yeah, well, whatever your boring reasons are,¡± Dex said through a
feigned yawn, ¡°the name¡¯s still a deal-breaker for me.¡±
   ¡°Me too,¡± Biana agreed. ¡°I think we should be Team Sparkles,
because we¡¯ll make everything better!¡±
   Dex snort-laughed¡ªthen frowned. ¡°Wait, was that a serious
suggestion?¡±
   Biana¡¯s eyes narrowed. ¡°I don¡¯t hear you coming up with any better
ideas.¡±

   ¡°I was getting to that!¡± Dex scratched his chin and tapped his foot
for several beats. ¡°Okay. What if we went with something cool and
space-y, like¡­ Team Nebula?¡±

   ¡°You realize that would technically make us Team Swirling-Cloud-
of-Gas, right?¡± Biana asked, earning a choked laugh from Grady.

   Even with his green spotlight, Sophie could see Dex¡¯s blush spread
all the way to the tips of his ears. ¡°Is that what ¡®nebula¡¯ means?¡± he
mumbled. ¡°I always get it confused with ¡®galaxy.¡¯ But hey¡­ nothing
wrong with a little gas, am I right?¡±

   ¡°Everyone has it,¡± Wylie agreed.
   Stina groaned. ¡°Are you hearing this?¡± she asked the Councillors.
¡°Why would you pick these losers for something so important?¡±
   ¡°Uh, because these losers have taken on the Neverseen how many
times now?¡± Dex snapped back.
   ¡°And lost how many times?¡± Stina countered. ¡°Oh, that¡¯s right¡ªall
of them.¡±
   ¡°We haven¡¯t lost,¡± Biana argued.
   ¡°Well, you certainly haven¡¯t won.¡± She pointed to Biana¡¯s scars, and
Biana¡ªto her credit¡ªdidn¡¯t flinch.
   Della, on the other hand, looked like she¡¯d gone into full mama-bear
mode and was imagining the many ways she could use her fancy
defense training to drop-kick Stina across the room and then step on
her with the spikes of her heels.
   ¡°Yeah, well, what have you done?¡± Dex asked, stepping into Stina¡¯s
personal space. He was still shorter than her. But almost everyone was.
   Stina got even taller when she straightened to her full height and
said, ¡°Uh, how about I saved the alicorn babies and reset the Timeline
to Extinction?¡±
   ¡°Um, the people who saved those babies were Sophie, my brother,
and the trolls,¡± Biana corrected.

   ¡°Do not underestimate the role my daughter and I played that day!¡±
Vika snapped.

   ¡°Maybe you did important stuff,¡± Dex told her. ¡°But I heard Stina
put out some blankets or something? Good job! No one else could¡¯ve
done that.¡±

   ¡°There was a lot more to it,¡± Stina argued. ¡°And what was the last
gadget you made that actually worked right? Because I heard a bunch
of things failed at the Celestial Festival.¡±

   ¡°That wasn¡¯t Dex¡¯s fault,¡± Sophie mumbled. ¡°The null that Tinker
designed for me interfered.¡±

   ¡°And a Technopath couldn¡¯t tell that was going to happen?¡± Stina
asked, clicking her tongue. ¡°If Dex was any good, he would¡¯ve been
prepared.¡±

   Dex snorted. ¡°Yeah, well, at least I actually fought back that night.
What were you doing? Hiding behind Mommy and Daddy?¡±

   One of the Councillors sighed¡ªSophie was pretty sure it was
Councillor Zarina because she looked like she wanted to zap all of
them with lightning. ¡°I¡¯m starting to remember why we don¡¯t work
with teenagers.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s going to be an exercise in patience,¡± Councillor Darek agreed,
tearing a hand through his dark, curly hair.

   ¡°Hey, we¡¯d be fine without Stina,¡± Biana pointed out. ¡°She¡¯s the one
causing all the drama.¡±

   ¡°And Keefe¡¯s a way more powerful Empath than she is,¡± Dex added.
¡°So it¡¯s a super-easy fix.¡±

   ¡°I can¡¯t believe I¡¯m saying this,¡± Grady said, ¡°but¡­ Keefe would be a
better fit for this.¡±
   Councillor Emery shook his head. ¡°Mr. Sencen¡¯s ties to the
Neverseen pose too great of a risk.¡±

   ¡°Keefe¡¯s on our side,¡± Sophie argued¡ªeven though this was exactly
the kind of assignment she had to keep Keefe far away from. But that
didn¡¯t mean they needed to be stuck with Stina Heks in Team
Whatever-They-Were-Going-to-Call-It¡ªassuming she was willing to
go along with this. ¡°Shouldn¡¯t we get to pick who we work with?¡±

   ¡°Absolutely not!¡± Councillor Bronte said, shaking his head so hard,
the points of his Ancient ears flapped against his crown. ¡°You chose
your group for the Black Swan¡ªand we¡¯ve all seen how far from ideal
things have gone for you. A change in strategy is essential for you to
become truly successful.¡±

   ¡°And Stina Heks is your big solution?¡± Dex asked. ¡°Like¡­ for real?¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t appreciate the way you all keep singling out my daughter!¡±
Vika snapped.
   ¡°Um, your daughter was the first to complain,¡± Biana reminded her.
¡°She also called us losers, so¡­¡±
   ¡°Right, and you guys weren¡¯t already looking at me like you¡¯d rather
work with a muskog,¡± Stina countered.
   Dex flashed his most wicked grin. ¡°A muskog would smell better.¡±
   Grady coughed through another laugh¡ªand Sandor¡¯s shoulders
shook like he was holding in a fit of goblin giggles.
   ¡°Enough!¡± Councillor Emery cut in, before Stina could respond, and
Sophie was grateful for the outburst.
   They couldn¡¯t afford to waste the rest of the day cracking jokes and
bickering¡ªeven if it was mildly entertaining.
   ¡°Miss Heks is a talented Empath who¡¯s proven to be clearheaded
under pressure,¡± Emery continued. ¡°And since her father is already
affiliated with the Black Swan¡ª¡±
   Vika sucked in a breath. ¡°That information isn¡¯t meant to be public
knowledge.¡±

   ¡°Yes, well, we are not the public.¡± The diamonds in Emery¡¯s crown
seemed to shine brighter with the words. ¡°And we¡¯re working hard to
remove the veils of secrecy separating ourselves from that order.
Which is why we felt it would be best to draw from a family with an
existing connection to the Black Swan, since that would make for a
smoother process when we need to rely on the Collective for these
projects. And we have no doubt that once the five of you learn to work
together¡±¡ªhe turned back to Sophie, Biana, Dex, Wylie, and Stina,
eyeing them each in turn¡ª¡°Miss Heks will prove to be a valuable
teammate.¡±

   ¡°She will,¡± Vika agreed. ¡°But I don¡¯t understand how this is such a
big ¡®change in strategy.¡¯ You¡¯re pulling almost everyone from the same
failing group that Sophie already works with.¡±

   ¡°They haven¡¯t failed,¡± Councillor Terik corrected, taking a slow step
forward. His prosthetic leg still wobbled¡ªand he still leaned heavily
on his cane¡ªbut the movement did seem smoother than it did the last
time Sophie had seen him. ¡°And Miss Foster needs to trust her
teammates¡ªand trust takes time to build. Time we cannot afford to
lose, given the severity of the challenges we¡¯re facing. So yes, we did
pull primarily from the core group of friends that we knew Miss Foster
would be most comfortable with¡ªbut we specifically selected those
whom she doesn¡¯t rely on as closely. Those whom we believe have far
more to give than what they¡¯ve currently been allowed to offer.¡±

   ¡°Uh, I rely on Dex and Biana all the time,¡± Sophie argued, holding
up her hand¡ªand then realizing the panic-switch ring that Dex had
designed for her was hidden under her glove. ¡°The only reason I
haven¡¯t relied on Wylie as much is because he¡¯s newer to working with
the Black Swan.¡±
   She glanced at her friends, expecting to find them nodding along.
But they were all staring at their feet. ¡°What?¡±

   ¡°Well¡­ I mean¡­ you do leave us out sometimes,¡± Biana mumbled.
¡°Or you only include us if we force you to.¡±

   ¡°And it¡¯s never like that for Keefe and Fitz,¡± Dex added.
   ¡°It totally is for Keefe,¡± Sophie argued. ¡°He just doesn¡¯t take no for
an answer¡ªyou know how Keefe is. Plus, we¡¯re fighting his mom. And
Fitz and I are Cognates¡ª¡±
   ¡°Yes, we¡¯re all very aware of that connection,¡± Councillor Alina
jumped in, tilting her head just so, to make the highlights in her dark
hair gleam under the spotlight. ¡°And sometimes it can be quite useful.
So if it turns out that we need Mr. Vacker, we¡¯ll add a sixth member to
your team. But we also fear that you¡¯ve come to rely on your telepathy
as a crutch¡ªand no one is saying the ability isn¡¯t valuable,¡± she added,
before anyone could protest, ¡°or that we don¡¯t want you using it. All
we¡¯re saying is that if it was the only ability that mattered, your order
wouldn¡¯t have gone to such great lengths to give you four others. Isn¡¯t
that right, Tiergan?¡± She flashed a gleaming smile when she noticed
the frowns on Vika¡¯s and Stina¡¯s faces. ¡°I¡¯m guessing your husband
never told you that Tiergan is a member of the Black Swan¡¯s
Collective?¡±
   ¡°Timkin doesn¡¯t know,¡± Tiergan corrected. ¡°And since you seem
bent on outing those of us in the order today, I feel the need to add
that just because the Neverseen have some extra knowledge about our
members, that doesn¡¯t mean we want you to share that information
whenever and wherever you please.¡±
   ¡°Why do the Neverseen know¡­?¡± Biana started to ask¡ªbut then her
eyes widened. ¡°Did Tam tell them?¡±
   ¡°It wasn¡¯t his fault,¡± Sophie assured her. ¡°Gethen probed his
memories.¡±
   She didn¡¯t have to use her telepathy to see the news snowballing
inside her friends¡¯ minds.

   ¡°Does that mean you¡¯ve talked to him?¡± Biana asked.
   ¡°And didn¡¯t tell us?¡± Dex added.
   ¡°See?¡± Councillor Terik said when Sophie nodded. ¡°This proves my
point.¡±
   ¡°No it doesn¡¯t,¡± Sophie argued. ¡°I talked to Tam yesterday¡ªand I
would¡¯ve told them about it by now if you guys hadn¡¯t made me come
here today.¡±
   ¡°And you haven¡¯t told Fitz?¡± Biana clarified. ¡°Or Keefe?¡±
   There was something pointed about the way she said the second
name¡ªsomething that made Sophie a little nervous to admit, ¡°I¡­
actually talked to Keefe last night¡ªbut you¡¯ll understand why once I
explain what¡¯s going on. As soon as we¡¯re done here, I¡¯ll¡ª¡±
   ¡°Why wait?¡± Stina interrupted. ¡°Sounds like pretty crucial
information. And I¡¯m part of the team now, so¡­¡±
   ¡°Technically not yet,¡± Sophie reminded her. ¡°I haven¡¯t agreed to be
the leader.¡±
   Stina rolled her eyes. ¡°But we all know you¡¯re going to. That¡¯s what
you do. You pout and stall for a while¡ªbut eventually you give in
because you can¡¯t help being the good little moonlark! So I should be
there for the big explanation.¡±
   ¡°We all should,¡± Councillor Emery added. ¡°Team Prodigious is
meant to be a collaboration between the five of you and the twelve of
us.¡±
   ¡°Dude, you have to stop calling it that,¡± Dex told him. ¡°How about
Team T. Rex?¡±
   ¡°Or Team Alicorn?¡± Biana added.
   ¡°If we go that route, why don¡¯t we just call ourselves the Order of
the Phoenix?¡± Sophie couldn¡¯t resist suggesting¡ªbut of course no one
appreciated her reference. ¡°Never mind.¡±
   ¡°Human thing?¡± Dex guessed.
   ¡°A super-famous one,¡± she agreed, kinda wishing she had a few

more shared life experiences with her friends.
   At least Stina wasn¡¯t still pushing for information.
   They¡¯d managed to sidestep that for the moment.
   ¡°What about Linh?¡± Wylie asked, and it took Sophie a second to

realize he wasn¡¯t suggesting that as a team name. ¡°She should be a part
of this. She¡¯s way more powerful than I am. Probably more powerful
than all of us¡ªexcept Sophie.¡±

   ¡°She is,¡± Emery agreed. ¡°But the Neverseen have control of her
brother, which makes her vulnerable at best and completely unreliable
at worst. Not to mention the fact that we also selected each of you for
your unique abilities, and hydrokinesis will serve us little use in the
desert.¡±

   ¡°Desert?¡± Dex, Biana, and Wylie repeated.
   Councillor Emery glanced at Sophie. ¡°I assume you also have yet to
tell them about Mr. Forkle¡¯s suspicions regarding Loamnore?¡±
   Sophie sighed when she saw the scowls on her friends¡¯ faces. ¡°I was
going to cover everything at once.¡±
   ¡°Well then,¡± Emery said, ¡°no time like the present.¡±
   All eyes focused on Sophie, and she could tell that no one was going
to let her drop this. So she gave them the bullet points of Mr. Forkle¡¯s
theory, even though it felt wrong discussing Black Swan stuff with so
many extra people. And when Biana started to argue that Tam would
never play a role in something like what Sophie was fearing, she went
ahead and told them about the warning Tam had given her and the
basic details of the deal she¡¯d made with Ro to keep Keefe safe. The
only stuff she left out was the matchmaking nightmare, because there
was no way she was admitting that to Stina Heks¡ªor letting Della and
Biana hear it before Fitz.

   Wylie turned away when she¡¯d finished, his spotlight fading to a
dull gray. ¡°I should be the one to explain this to Linh.¡±

   Sophie wasn¡¯t about to argue. She didn¡¯t know how to define Linh
and Wylie¡¯s friendship, but the two of them were very close. And since
Linh lived with Wylie¡¯s adoptive father, they spent a lot of time
together.

   ¡°Do you want us to be there when you talk to her?¡± Biana offered.
   Wylie shook his head. ¡°It might be better one-on-one, so she won¡¯t
feel like she has to be brave. But I¡¯ll let you know if I change my mind.¡±
   ¡°Thank you,¡± Sophie told him.
   His smile looked grim.
   ¡°Well,¡± Councillor Emery said, clapping his hands to call everyone¡¯s
attention back to him. ¡°This is all the more reason for you five to get to
work. The first assignment we¡¯d planned to give you was to meet with
King Enki in Loamnore, so he can show you his security concerns and
catch you up on the projects we¡¯ve already been assisting him with in
recent months¡ªa meeting the Black Swan would never be able to
properly arrange, regardless of what they might claim. In case you still
need proof that it¡¯s both necessary and beneficial for you to begin your
own investigation into the threat on the dwarves through our more
official channel. And yes, Grady, you would be there for that meeting.
But before we can move forward with scheduling that, we need Miss
Foster to accept her role as leader. And if she does, we need all five of
you to swear your oath as Regents.¡±
   ¡°And if I don¡¯t accept?¡± Sophie had to know.
   Emery rubbed his temples. ¡°We would ask you to reconsider.¡±
   ¡°We realize you struggle with authority,¡± Councillor Terik added,
before Sophie could push the issue. ¡°Particularly our authority. And I,
at least, won¡¯t deny that you¡¯re justified to feel that way. But¡­ the
dwarves need to be handled with care in order to avoid any
interspeciesial incidents¡ªask your father to share his stories about
some of his more interesting encounters with King Enki if you don¡¯t
believe me.¡±

   ¡°Okay, but¡­ you guys remember this is Sophie, right?¡± Stina jumped
in. ¡°The girl who almost started a war with the ogres¡ªtwice. Or was it
three times? And she formed an alliance with the trolls without
getting anyone¡¯s permission. I also doubt the goblins are thrilled that
one of their best soldiers keeps almost dying while trying to protect
her¡ªespecially since she¡¯s supposed to be this all-powerful thing who
can protect herself.¡±

   ¡°Protecting Miss Foster is my honor,¡± Sandor assured her.
   ¡°If you say so,¡± Stina told him. ¡°All I¡¯m saying is, if you want her on
the team because she¡¯s the moonlark¡ªfine. I sorta get that. I still
think she¡¯s overrated, but¡­ whatever. But what I don¡¯t understand is
why you¡¯d make her our leader¡ªespecially since it sounds like King
Enki¡¯s going to be tough to deal with. Shouldn¡¯t you go with someone
who isn¡¯t a walking interspeciesial disaster?¡±
   ¡°Sophie is far from a disaster,¡± Grady argued, placing a reassuring
hand on Sophie¡¯s shoulder.
   ¡°Yeah, the only disaster I see here is you,¡± Dex told Stina. ¡°And let
me guess. You think you¡¯d be a better leader?¡±
   Stina laughed. ¡°You think I want that kind of responsibility? Uh,
yeah, hard pass. Wylie¡¯s the obvious choice. He¡¯s older, with more
training and experience, and¡ª¡±
   ¡°Not necessarily,¡± Wylie interrupted. ¡°Sophie may be younger, but
she¡¯s lived through more than all of us combined.¡±
   ¡°Since when is ¡®not dying¡¯ a qualification for leadership?¡± Stina
countered.
   ¡°That¡¯s not what I meant,¡± Wylie argued. ¡°Though you should try
braving a few attempts on your life before you discount the wisdom
and strength gained from that kind of experience¡ª¡±

   ¡°Ugh, if you¡¯re going to be all grumpy, never mind,¡± Stina
interrupted. ¡°Forget I suggested it.¡±

   ¡°We will,¡± Councillor Emery told her. ¡°And let me make this clear:
Sophie must be the leader of Team Prodigious in order for it to exist.
That is nonnegotiable¡ªand why we tried to gauge her commitment
before we started this conversation. The public will likely consider the
formation of this team to be a rather odd decision on our part, given
your ages and levels of experience. And Sophie is the key to winning
them over. She¡¯s gained a level of notoriety in our world¡ªand lately, a
bit of respect. It¡¯s time we send the message that the Council sees her
value and is utilizing her to the fullest extent possible.¡±

   The words didn¡¯t want to fit in Sophie¡¯s brain¡ªeven though they
matched things that Grady and Mr. Forkle had already told her.

   After years of threats and Tribunals, did the Council actually¡­ like
her?

   Or believe in her, at least?
   And why did that feel like both a good thing and a bad thing?
   ¡°Okay, but what about the team name?¡± Dex asked. ¡°You have to let
us change it. Trust me, if you announce that you formed Team
Prodigious, people are going to laugh.¡±
   ¡°They really will,¡± Biana agreed.
   Councillor Emery¡¯s sigh sounded like a muffled scream as it
bounced around the room. ¡°Fine. You may call yourselves whatever
you¡¯d like, on two conditions,¡± he told them, holding up a hand and
counting off his fingers. ¡°One: You must choose something respectable
¡ªsomething befitting the noble status the team will bear. And two:
We must approve your selection.¡±
   Dex¡¯s dimples returned. ¡°I can live with that.¡±
   ¡°Good. Does that mean we have a deal?¡± Emery¡¯s gaze homed in on
Sophie.
   ¡°Your choice, kiddo,¡± Grady whispered as he leaned in. ¡°I¡¯ll back
you up, whatever you choose.¡±
   She nodded, fighting the urge to tug on her eyelashes as she turned
toward Dex, Biana, Wylie, and Stina. ¡°If I¡¯m the leader of this¡­ group
thing¡­ I¡¯m going to have to give you guys orders. Won¡¯t that be
weird?¡±
   ¡°Uh, I don¡¯t know if you realize this,¡± Dex told her, ¡°but¡­ you
already boss us around all the time.¡±
   Biana grinned. ¡°Exactly. Nothing new there!¡±
   ¡°As long as you let us have some input, we should be good,¡± Wylie
added.
   Stina bit her lip.
   ¡°You¡¯d have to listen to me,¡± Sophie pressed, not letting her off the
hook. ¡°Even if you don¡¯t like it.¡±
   ¡°Not if you¡¯re wrong,¡± Stina countered.
   ¡°Actually, working as a team sometimes means going against your
own judgment,¡± Councillor Emery told her. ¡°You can voice your
dissent¡ªrespectfully¡ªbut if you disagree with Sophie¡¯s ultimate
decision, you will still be expected to complete whatever orders she
gives you.¡±
   ¡°Fine,¡± Stina said, tilting up her chin. ¡°But if I turn out to be right,
expect a lot of ¡®I told you so¡¯s.¡±
   Sophie had zero doubt of that.
   ¡°We¡¯re also going to have to spend a lot more time together,¡± Biana
reminded Stina. ¡°So¡­ you¡¯ll have to be nice to us.¡±
   ¡°And you¡¯ll have to be nice to me,¡± Stina reminded her.
   No one looked particularly happy about these revelations.
   ¡°We don¡¯t expect you to become best friends,¡± Emery assured them.
¡°But we do expect you to be respectful.¡±

   Stina shrugged. ¡°I guess I can live with that.¡±
   ¡°But¡­ why?¡± Sophie had to ask. ¡°You¡¯ve never wanted to be
involved with this kind of stuff before.¡±
   ¡°Isn¡¯t it obvious?¡± Dex cut in. ¡°She wants the title.¡±
   ¡°Like you don¡¯t!¡± Stina snapped back.
   Dex didn¡¯t deny it. And the intensity in his eyes made Sophie realize
how much this opportunity had to mean to him.
   He¡¯d spent his whole life being bullied because his parents were a
bad match and his siblings were triplets. In fact, that was probably
why Della had to be the one to bring him to Eternalia with Biana, since
neither of his parents had access to the Seat of Eminence.
   So to go from that to being one of the youngest Regents ever?
   Appointed to the nobility before even completing the elite levels?
   To be Lord Dex.
   Even Biana looked pretty dazzled by the title, and she¡¯d grown up
with the elitest of the elite.
   ¡°There¡¯s nothing wrong with wanting recognition for your talents,¡±
Della told all of them. ¡°But make sure you aren¡¯t forgetting the serious
responsibilities you¡¯ll be taking on if you agree to this¡ªand I don¡¯t
mean the danger. Most of you are getting frighteningly used to that.
But for this, you¡¯ll not only be swearing an oath to put the needs of our
world, and its people, ahead of your own lives, but you¡¯ll also be
vowing to give complete allegiance to the Council. That¡¯s not
something to take lightly.¡±
   ¡°It isn¡¯t,¡± Councillor Emery agreed. ¡°But it¡¯s also nothing to fear.
We¡¯re on the same side.¡±
   ¡°Are we?¡± Tiergan asked, beating Sophie to the question. ¡°Truly?¡±
   ¡°Yes,¡± all twelve Councillors said in unison.
   ¡°Unity is our best chance for survival,¡± Councillor Emery added.
¡°Our foes are divided. Always changing out leaders and sniping at
each other over the differences in their visions. So this¡±¡ªhe gestured
between the twelve of them and the five soon-to-be teammates¡ª¡°is
how we stand strong against them. And to prove our commitment to
that statement, we¡¯re willing to make a new oath as well¡ªan oath that
will only be made to the five of you.¡±

   Lots of eyebrows rose at that.
   ¡°What will the oath say?¡± Vika asked.
   ¡°That¡¯s between us and Team Prodigious,¡± Councillor Emery said,
glancing at Dex and reluctantly adding, ¡°or Team Whatever-They-
Decide-to-Call-Themselves. But it¡¯s an oath to assure them that trust
will not simply be demanded from them¡ªit will be given. And we¡¯re
ready to make the vow now, if they¡¯re ready to commit as well.¡±
   Sophie, Dex, Biana, Wylie, and Stina shared another long look, and
Sophie could see the resolve in their eyes.
   But before she agreed, she had to address one final concern.
   ¡°It sounds like this is going to involve a lot of classified
information,¡± she told the Council. ¡°And I don¡¯t see how that¡¯s not
going to damage my Cognate connection with Fitz.¡±
   ¡°As Councillor Alina already said,¡± Emery told her, ¡°if excluding
Fitz from the team becomes a problem, we¡¯re willing to add another
member. But we¡¯d like to try it without him first.¡±
   ¡°And keep in mind,¡± Oralie added, finally turning her azure eyes
toward Sophie, ¡°true trust does not require absolute transparency.
There is incredible power in accepting that there are some things you
cannot know¡ªand being willing to maintain your commitment to that
person despite the secrets.¡±
   ¡°She has a point,¡± Tiergan agreed. ¡°I¡¯ve always considered that to be
the ultimate level of Cognatedom.¡±
   Sophie frowned. ¡°But you said¡ª¡±
   ¡°I know what I¡¯ve said in our lessons,¡± Tiergan interrupted. ¡°And
uninhibited sharing is still the most vital way to build and maintain
the connection between Cognates. But once the connection exists¡ª
and once you reach a level of maturity with your partner¡ªyou can
work your way to a new sort of relationship. One that acknowledges
that there are pieces of yourself that you may occasionally have to hold
back, and that doing so changes absolutely nothing between the two of
you. In fact, accepting the other person¡¯s limitations actually enhances
your bond. Put simply, it¡¯s reaching a point where you both know
beyond any shadow of doubt that you trust each other no matter what. I
doubt you and Fitz have achieved that level of commitment yet, given
how young you both are. But working toward it can be the new focus
for our training.¡±
   ¡°Does that satisfy your concern?¡± Emery asked as Sophie struggled
to process what Tiergan was saying¡ªand wondered why it made her
palms feel so very sweaty.
   One quick glance at each of her friends told her what she needed to
say. ¡°Okay. Count me in for Team Whatever-Our-Name-Is.¡±
                   EIGHT

YOU REALIZE I¡¯M NEVER GOING to remember to call you guys lords

and ladies, right?¡± Sophie whispered, trying to keep herself distracted
as she, Dex, Biana, Stina, and Wylie followed a single-file line of all
twelve Councillors down a very dark, very quiet hallway.

   Every click of her heels against the jeweled floor might as well have
been cymbals crashing¡ªand her pulse felt even louder.

   And there was no end to their journey in sight.
   In fact, there was nothing in sight, except for the twelve intimidating
figures marching stolidly ahead of them under their silvery spotlights
¡ªwhich was probably why Sophie kept dragging her feet a little more
with every step, even though her brain was simultaneously screaming
that they needed to hurry up and get to work on the actual problems.
   They¡¯d had to leave the rest of their group behind, despite Sandor¡¯s
vehement protests. The Councillors wouldn¡¯t even tell anyone where
they¡¯d be heading within the palace, or what exactly would be involved
with swearing the oaths. All they¡¯d shared was that it would be a
different process than what any other Regent had experienced before.
And as they¡¯d led Sophie and her friends away, they¡¯d added, ¡°We¡¯ll
return when the appointments are final.¡±
   Which made what Sophie and her friends were about to do feel
very¡­ permanent.
   ¡°Yeah, I¡¯m probably never going to remember to call you Lady
Sophie either,¡± Biana whispered back. ¡°Or wait¡ªis it supposed to be
something fancier because you¡¯re our leader? Captain Sophie? Master
Sophie?¡±

   Sophie cringed. ¡°I hope not.¡±
   Dex leaned in. ¡°Um, I¡¯m pretty sure it¡¯s your call, since you¡¯re the
one in charge¡ªunless you want us to choose for you. How about Lady
Sophie the Reluctant?¡±
   ¡°Very funny,¡± Sophie told him as Biana covered her mouth to muffle
her giggle.
   ¡°I kinda like Foster the Great,¡± Dex went on, oblivious to her
annoyance¡ªor perhaps because of it. ¡°But I still feel like we could do
better. Hmmm. Wait! I¡¯ve got it!¡± He paused for a beat, dragging out
the suspense before he leaned in and whispered, ¡°The Fos-Boss.¡±
   ¡°Ohhhhh, I like it!¡± Biana breathed.
   ¡°I vote for that too,¡± Wylie added as he leaned in.
   ¡°Then it¡¯s settled,¡± Dex decided. ¡°Unless you think Lady Fos-Boss is
better.¡±
   ¡°Yes!¡± Biana said, fighting to hold back another giggle. ¡°That¡¯s the
winner.¡±
   Sophie gave them each her deadliest glare. ¡°If you call me either of
those things, I swear I¡¯ll¡ª¡±
   ¡°And she thought she was going to have a hard time bossing us
around,¡± Dex whispered to Biana and Wylie. ¡°Looks like our fearless
Lady Fos-Boss is a natural leader.¡±
   This time even Wylie had to muffle his laughter.
   ¡°You guys are worse than Keefe,¡± Sophie grumbled, wondering if
she could smother them with her frilly gown.
   ¡°I can¡¯t believe I¡¯m going to officially be linked to you weirdos,¡±
Stina growled under her breath.
   ¡°You can still back out,¡± Dex reminded her.
   ¡°Or you could try acting like you appreciate what the Council¡¯s
doing for us today!¡± Stina whisper-hissed. ¡°We¡¯re inside the Seat of
Eminence, about to be sworn in as the youngest Regents ever. Could
you maybe try behaving with a little dignity?¡±

   Dex scratched his chin. ¡°Nah. Annoying you is way more fun.¡±
   Stina gritted her teeth hard enough to make a cracking sound, and
Sophie bit back a smile, wishing she could tangle the feeling around
herself until it choked out the worries bubbling up her throat. Sure, the
commitment she was about to make was huge and complicated and
terrifying¡ªespecially given her past challenges with the Council. But¡­
at least she was making it with friends.
   Or mostly with friends¡ªand they could handle Stina together.
   ¡°So¡­ we have Lady Fos-Boss¡¯s title settled,¡± Dex said, grinning
when Sophie shook her head. ¡°Any thoughts on a better team name?¡±
   ¡°No discussing team names until you¡¯re somewhere far beyond my
range of hearing!¡± Councillor Emery shouted from up ahead.
   ¡°You¡¯re the one who came up with ¡®Team Prodigious,¡¯ aren¡¯t you?¡±
Dex called back, clearly not the least bit ashamed to know that the
Council had been eavesdropping on their ridiculous conversation.
¡°That¡¯s why you¡¯re so sensitive about it, huh?¡±
   A whole lot of muttering followed.
   Then there was silence¡ªuntil Wylie called out the question that
Sophie had been wondering as well: ¡°How much longer is this going to
take?¡±
   ¡°Why?¡± Emery asked. ¡°Do you have somewhere else to be?¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Wylie admitted. ¡°But¡­ there¡¯s someone I need to talk to.¡±
   ¡°Well, I¡¯m sure they¡¯ll understand why this was your priority,¡±
Emery assured him. ¡°Once we announce your appointments, that is.¡±
   ¡°And when will that be?¡± Stina asked.
   ¡°Soon,¡± Emery told her. ¡°We want the public to be aware of your
elevated status as much as you do.¡±

   Actually, Sophie would¡¯ve been fine if her new title remained a
classified secret. But she had a feeling she was the only one who
wanted to avoid that particular attention.

   ¡°You¡¯ll wait until we have our much-cooler new team name, though,
right?¡± Dex clarified. ¡°So you won¡¯t have everyone making fun of Team
Prodigious?¡±

   Councillor Emery¡¯s sigh echoed down the hall. ¡°Yes, I suppose that
would make sense. You five need to figure that out as quickly as
possible.¡±

   Which foolishly opened the door to a whole lot of team-name
brainstorming between Dex and Biana. Sophie tuned them out
somewhere between Team Hotness and Team Awesomesauce.

   She shuffled closer to Wylie. ¡°Is everything okay?¡± she whispered.
¡°Nothing¡¯s going on with your dad¡ª¡±

   ¡°No, he¡¯s fine,¡± Wylie interrupted. ¡°Well¡­ as fine as he ever is.¡±
   Prentice was still recovering from all the years he¡¯d spent trapped in
the madness of his broken consciousness¡ªand he¡¯d probably never
fully get back to his old self. His mind had been so shattered by the
memory break that his memories had all but dissolved¡ªincluding the
information that Sophie had hoped to learn after she¡¯d healed him, like
what had made him call ¡°swan song¡± before he was arrested.
   ¡°Did you mean you needed to talk to Linh, then?¡± she whispered.
¡°To tell her about Tam?¡±
   ¡°No. She¡¯s probably going to feel a little left out because the Council
didn¡¯t include her today. So dropping the Tam bomb on top of that
seems pretty harsh. But I don¡¯t want her to think I kept it from her
either, so¡­¡± He blew out a breath.
   ¡°That¡¯s super tricky,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°If there¡¯s any way I can
help, let me know.¡±

   ¡°Actually¡­ there is¡ªbut not with Linh.¡± He chewed his lip for a
couple of seconds before he leaned in, his voice barely louder than a
breath as he told her, ¡°I need a favor.¡±

   ¡°Of course.¡± Sophie would forever be trying to make amends for all
the devastating things that Wylie had endured because of her. ¡°What
do you need?¡±

   He glanced at the Council. Then at Stina. ¡°I¡¯ll tell you later.¡±
   ¡°Sure.¡± She said nothing else out loud. But as he stepped away, she
transmitted, Or we can talk telepathically, if you give me permission to open
my mind to your thoughts.
   Wylie was subtle with his nod, clearly not wanting the others to
know they were still talking. And when Sophie stretched out her
consciousness, his thoughts felt jittery¡ªshuffling around her too fast,
like a magician dealing cards for a trick. But she couldn¡¯t blame him
for trying to make sure she only saw what he wanted her to see. She
would¡¯ve done the same thing if the roles were reversed.
   What¡¯s going on? she asked.
   More thoughts shifted¡ªflickers of faces she didn¡¯t recognize, until
Wylie settled on one that she did.
   I¡­ need you to promise me that you won¡¯t let Maruca join the Black
Swan, he told her. I¡¯ve been trying to talk her out of it¡ªbut I need some
backup in case I can¡¯t change her mind.
   Sophie studied the smiling face that was now filling Wylie¡¯s head. It
was a younger version of Maruca than she remembered, with way less
attitude in her expression. The blue streak was also missing from her
hair, and she wore it natural texture¡ªwithout a drop of makeup on her
warm brown skin. Almost as if Wylie was trying to make Sophie see
his second cousin as more of a little girl than she really was anymore.
   Or maybe that was just how he saw her.
   Why would Maruca want to swear fealty? Sophie had to ask. She didn¡¯t
know her very well¡ªjust that Maruca used to be Biana¡¯s best friend,
until they¡¯d had a falling-out when Biana became friends with Sophie.
But even after they¡¯d patched things up, Maruca had never seemed the
least bit interested in hanging out with them again¡ªmuch less getting
involved with all the dangerous stuff they did for the Black Swan.
   Wylie explained as his mind tucked away the image of Maruca and
replaced it with stomach-turning flashbacks from outside the troll hive
at Everglen. She got all fired up after watching what happened to us during
the Celestial Festival, and now she thinks we need all the help we can get¡ª
and I¡¯m not saying we don¡¯t. Why do you think I¡¯m becoming a Regent? But I
don¡¯t want her caught up in any of this.
   Sophie couldn¡¯t blame him for that¡ªjust reliving his memories was
enough to make her want to lock up every single person she cared
about to keep them safe.
   I already tried reminding her about what happened to my mom and dad¡ª
and what happened to me, Wylie added quietly. But she¡¯s convinced that
she can handle it¡ªand that the danger shouldn¡¯t matter anyway. And I¡¯m
sure she¡¯s going to get way more insistent once she finds out that Stina¡¯s part
of this team¡ªif she hasn¡¯t reached out to the Collective already. So I need
you to make sure that if she HAS reached out, her offer gets rejected. And if
she hasn¡¯t yet, then I need you to make sure that whenever she DOES try to
join, the Collective tells her they¡¯re not interested.
   Okaaaaaay, Sophie transmitted slowly. I¡¯m not asking this because I
don¡¯t want to help¡ªI do. But¡­ wouldn¡¯t it be better to go to Tiergan for this
favor? I mean, he¡¯s actually PART of the Collective.
   He¡¯s only one vote out of five, Wylie corrected.
   Yeah, but I¡¯m ZERO votes, so¡­
   But you¡¯re the moonlark. They listen to you when you argue with them¡ª
way more than they listen to Tiergan. Plus, I¡¯m pretty sure Tiergan would end
up backing down. The Collective has this whole thing about putting the needs
of our world above everything else. Look at the things they¡¯ve had you do¡ª
how many times have they almost gotten you killed?

   Well¡­ but like you just said: I¡¯m the moonlark. All this stuff is what they
made me for, no matter how dangerous.

   Okay, but they¡¯ve let your friends take the same risks, haven¡¯t they? His
eyes shifted to Biana, his gaze tracing over the scars that Vespera had
given her. If they see value in someone, that¡¯s all that matters. Especially if
that person has an important special ability.

   He had a point¡ªwhich was why it took her a second to catch what
he was saying. Wait¡ªhas Maruca manifested?

   Wylie¡¯s thoughts scattered like frightened birds.
   I¡¯m guessing that¡¯s a yes, Sophie noted. And that it¡¯s something¡­ pretty
powerful.
   He didn¡¯t respond, which seemed to confirm her suspicion.
   But what ability would it be?
   Hydrokinetic?
   Charger?
   Phaser?
   Shade?
   Why would he be afraid to tell her any of those things? Unless¡­
   Is she another Pyrokinetic? she asked. Because if she is, she¡¯s going to
need training¡ª
   It¡¯s not pyrokinesis, Wylie promised. And I still think it¡¯s a bad idea for
Marella to be training with Fintan, by the way.
   So did Sophie.
   Despite Fintan¡¯s claims that he simply wanted to save Marella from
losing control of her flames¡ªand all the precautions that had been
taken with his icy prison¡ªSophie was sure he was planning another
dramatic escape.

   But none of that mattered at the moment.
   You really won¡¯t tell me what Maruca¡¯s ability is? she pressed, still
running through a list of options in her head.
   What if Maruca was another Mesmer, like Grady?
   Or a Beguiler, like Councillor Alina?
   Or¡ª
   Not right now, Wylie admitted.
   Why not?
   He took a small step away from her, staring at his hands as he
fidgeted with the Endal crest securing his cape. Because I know what
you¡¯re going to say¡ªand I won¡¯t even blame you for it. But¡­ we don¡¯t NEED
her ability. Or if we do, we could find someone else. I know it¡¯s selfish, but¡­ I
don¡¯t want Maruca taking the kinds of risks she¡¯d have to take. I¡¯ve already
lost enough family.
   Sophie¡¯s heart splintered at his words.
   Okay, she transmitted. I honestly have no idea if the Black Swan will
listen to me about something like this¡ªespecially if Maruca¡¯s super insistent
about volunteering. But I¡¯ll do everything I can to talk the Collective out of
letting her join. And I can speak with Maruca, too, if you want. I don¡¯t think
she likes me that much, so maybe I can use that to make her not want to work
with me or¡ª
   You can¡¯t let her know I talked to you, Wylie interrupted. That¡¯ll just
make her more determined to join. She thinks I¡¯m treating her like a little kid,
but that¡¯s not what it is. It¡¯s¡­
   I get it, Sophie said when his brain seemed to trip over the next
words.
   Wylie had watched his mom fade away right in front of him.
   He¡¯d spent more than a decade with his father locked away in Exile.
   He¡¯d been captured, interrogated, and tortured¡ªand then got hurt
again when he showed up with Dex to help Sophie and Fitz survive an
ambush.

   She couldn¡¯t fault him for wanting to protect Maruca from those
kinds of dangers. She¡¯d tried to do the same thing with her friends
¡ªmany times.

   I¡¯ll do my best, she promised again.
   Wylie let out a breath. Thank you. And¡­ thanks for not pushing me to
tell you what her ability is¡ªand for not stealing that info out of my
memories. I know you could find it in, like, two seconds if you wanted.
   I could, Sophie agreed. But¡­ you¡¯ll tell me when you¡¯re ready¡ªor
Maruca will. Either way, it¡¯s not worth damaging your trust.
   He turned back to look at her. That¡¯s why you¡¯re going to make a great
leader¡ªand I don¡¯t just mean of this team. I had my doubts about Project
Moonlark for a long time. I think you know that better than anyone. But¡­
even with everything that happened to my dad, I can still tell¡­ the Black
Swan really got it right with you.
   Sophie glanced away, hoping he couldn¡¯t see the way tears were
welling in her eyes, or how hard she had to blink to keep them from
spilling down her cheeks.
   Hearing those words from anyone was amazing¡ªbut from Wylie?
After how much he¡¯d hated her when she first got to the Lost Cities?
   Thank you, she transmitted, wondering how her mental voice could
sound choked when she wasn¡¯t actually using her throat. That really
means a lot.
   Yeah, well¡­ that¡¯s why you¡¯re Lady Fos-Boss.
   He winked as he said it, and Sophie clung to the tease, letting it rein
her emotions back until they were much less sappy.
   That¡¯s NOT what you guys are going to call me, she told him.
   Wylie grinned. Keep telling yourself that.
   ¡°Uh, is there something you two wanna share with the rest of the
team?¡± Stina asked, her voice jarringly loud after all the whispering
and transmitting.

   Sophie glanced down, surprised to see Stina¡¯s hand wrapped around
her wrist.

   She had no idea when that happened.
   She also had no idea when they¡¯d stopped walking.
   Or how long everyone¡ªincluding all twelve Councillors¡ªhad been
watching her and Wylie.
   But she hoped her red spotlight camouflaged her flushed cheeks.
   ¡°Just a trust exercise,¡± Wylie said smoothly. ¡°To make sure we can
work together, since Sophie and I have a complicated history.¡±
   The Council looked mostly satisfied with the explanation.
   Dex and Biana, not so much.
   And Stina tightened her grip on Sophie¡¯s wrist.
   ¡°Is this where we¡¯re taking our oaths?¡± Sophie asked, yanking her
arm free and turning to survey where they were standing, which was
basically a dark dead end. She could see nothing but the faint outline
of solid diamond walls and one small silver door that looked more
gnome-height than elf-height.
   ¡°This is how we reach the place where we¡¯ll make our oaths,¡±
Councillor Emery corrected, because nothing with the elves could ever
be quick or simple.
   The door slid silently open as he approached, brightening the dark
hall with a rectangle of light that spilled from wherever they were
heading. The doorway itself stretched several feet deep, so it was
impossible to see the room they were about to enter.
   Emery¡¯s spotlight vanished when he reached the threshold, and he
had to stoop and shuffle forward with strange, almost pigeonlike
movements in order to pass through without conking his head¡ªas did
the rest of the Councillors when they followed one by one. They
disappeared from sight after a few steps, but Sophie could hear their
stumbling footfalls continue on, picking up a hollow tone once they¡¯d
entered the room beyond.

   ¡°I¡¯m assuming there¡¯s a reason you guys didn¡¯t make the door
taller?¡± Dex called after them, frowning at the abundance of
untouched wall that could¡¯ve easily been cut away to make the opening
a normal size. ¡°And a reason why the doorway¡¯s so deep?¡±

   ¡°Yes¡± was all Emery shouted back.
   Sophie shared a look with her friends before Stina shrugged and
followed the Councillors¡ªand the amount of bending and slouching
she had to do was both hilarious and impressive. Wylie didn¡¯t look
nearly as graceful when it was his turn. Neither did Dex. But of course
Biana found a way to saunter through the doorway like a celebrity on
the red carpet. And Sophie was the clumsiest of them all¡ªthough, in
her defense, her gown was also the poofiest, and the layers of tulle
made the process a special kind of impossible.
   The strange tunnel-like doorway turned out to have a second door
on the other end, which slid shut as soon as Sophie passed through,
leaving her no choice but to shove her way deeper into the crowded,
tiny room. She bumped so many limbs along the way that she was sure
she¡¯d have a few bruises the next day. And her face ended up smashed
into someone¡¯s armpit.
   She didn¡¯t want to know whose.
   Claustrophobia wasn¡¯t something she usually wrestled with, but she
couldn¡¯t help staring at the low ceiling and curved diamond walls
around her¡ªwhich lacked any trace of windows or other doors¡ª
feeling like she¡¯d just been locked inside a super-blinged-out, elf-size
hamster ball, packed with sixteen other people.
   The urge to shove everyone out of her way and pound on the only
exit until someone let her out reared up hard¡ªbut she tamped it down,
worming toward the edge of the group and pressing her back to the
cool wall.

   ¡°This is the Paragon,¡± Emery explained. ¡°You five are the only non-
Councillors to ever set foot inside of it.¡±

   ¡°Lucky us,¡± Sophie mumbled, sucking in a slow breath and trying
not to wonder how the room got any fresh air. She didn¡¯t see any vents,
or even any tiny gaps between the wall¡¯s honeycomb-shaped diamond
bricks.

   And it did not help when Councillor Emery pointed to the golden
key securing his cape and told them, ¡°You won¡¯t be able to return to
the Paragon¡ªor leave¡ªwithout one of these.¡±

   ¡°I know it¡¯s bit cramped,¡± Councillor Oralie added, her lovely eyes
flashing with sympathy as they met Sophie¡¯s. ¡°But that¡¯s only
temporary.¡±

   ¡°How temporary?¡± Stina asked, sounding almost as miserable as
Sophie felt.

   ¡°A matter of minutes,¡± Emery promised. ¡°Brace yourselves.¡±
   ¡°For what?¡± Dex asked, but the Councillors were too busy bumping
into each other as they struggled to reach their key-shaped cloak pins.
Once their hands were in position, they each pressed their right index
finger against the bit piece of the key, holding it there until a low
rumble vibrated the floor.
   ¡°It¡¯s best if you keep your eyes open for this next part,¡± Emery
advised, drawing in a breath before he added, ¡°Here we go.¡±
   The Councillors pressed their keys once more, and the floor
rumbled again¡ªharder this time. And then¡­
   ¡­ nothing.
   Seconds ticked by¡ªso many that Sophie became convinced they¡¯d
be stuck in there for all eternity, or until they ran out of air, whichever
came first. And she was about to start clawing at the walls when the
Paragon rattled hard enough to leave everyone wobbling.

   Sophie had barely regained her balance when the room seemed to
roll forward and bounce up at the same time, triggering gasps and
yelps and a whole lot of squealing and flailing¡ªbut only from Sophie
and her friends. The Councillors barely seemed to notice as the
Paragon blasted up and up and up some more¡ªfaster, faster, faster.
Her eyes watered and her ears popped and her stomach dropped into
her toes¡ªwhich, she was stunned to realize, were no longer touching
the floor.

   ¡°Why are we weightless?¡± she asked, trying to wrap her brain
around the strange physics of their situation. By all counts, gravity
should be pushing down against their upward momentum, shouldn¡¯t
it?

   ¡°The Paragon is actually spinning really fast,¡± Councillor Terik told
her, swinging his prosthetic leg¡ªwhich moved so much smoother
when it wasn¡¯t having to support his weight. ¡°So fast that your eyes
can¡¯t see it. That¡¯s why it¡¯s best to keep them open¡ªyour brain
believes the illusion and doesn¡¯t let your body feel the effects of the
motion.¡±

   All Sophie could say was, ¡°Oh.¡±
   And she had to force herself to stop thinking about it, because the
more she tried to picture how fast they had to be spinning in order for
any of that to be remotely possible, the closer she came to throwing up
¡ªand vomiting in a small, spinning room filled with sixteen other
people could quickly reach nightmare levels of grossness.
   ¡°Shouldn¡¯t we be slowing down?¡± Biana asked, her voice calmer
than the question probably should¡¯ve merited. ¡°We must be near the
top of one of the towers by now.¡±
   ¡°We are,¡± Emery agreed. ¡°Which is why we need more speed.¡±
   All twelve of the Councillors pressed the bits of their golden key-

pins again, and a tiny whimper slipped through Sophie¡¯s lips as
another rumble rocked the room and made her feet drift farther off the
floor. She was pretty sure she now understood how Charlie would¡¯ve
felt in Mr. Wonka¡¯s Great Glass Elevator as he hurtled toward the
ceiling of the chocolate factory. And she couldn¡¯t help imagining all of
them getting cut to ribbons as they crashed through the roof of the
diamond palace.

   But there was no collision¡ªno shower of jagged shards or fiery
explosion.

   Just a much louder rumble as the Paragon flooded with shimmering
light, which Sophie assumed meant they¡¯d somehow left the Seat of
Eminence and were now flying over Eternalia. There was no way she
was looking down to verify¡ªnot that she expected to be able to see
through all the glittering facets of the spinning diamond stones. But
on the off chance that she could¡­ ignorance was better.

   ¡°Where exactly are we going?¡± Dex asked, shielding his eyes from
the glare.

   ¡°To the Point of Purity for the Prime Sources,¡± Emery told him, and
Sophie was glad she wasn¡¯t the only one staring at him like he¡¯d
answered the question in a different language.

   ¡°Honestly,¡± Bronte scoffed, ¡°what is Foxfire teaching these days?¡±
   Councillor Alina rested her hands on her hips. ¡°Don¡¯t look at me¡ª
the Council set the curriculum, not the principal.¡±
   ¡°And yet you haven¡¯t made any corrections¡ªor even any suggestions
¡ªnow that you¡¯ve been appointed to our ranks,¡± Bronte noted.
   Alina rolled her eyes. ¡°Yes, I¡¯ve been a little busy cleaning up all the
messes I inherited from the rest of you.¡±
   ¡°The Prime Sources,¡± Emery cut in, before any of the other
Councillors could turn Alina¡¯s dig into an argument, ¡°are sunlight,
moonlight, and starlight.¡±

   ¡°So¡­ we¡¯re going into space right now,¡± Sophie clarified, really
hoping she was wrong about that. The elves had pulled off some
amazing feats¡ªbut space travel in an oversize diamond hamster ball?

   Without even giving them special suits to make sure they¡¯d be able
to breathe?

   Or seat belts?
   Or anything?
   ¡°Not quite,¡± Oralie assured her. ¡°The Point of Purity is a very
specific spot in our atmosphere, where we can access the purest
version of each type of light without any contamination or filtering.
We should be there any second.¡±
   Except they weren¡¯t.
   Five hundred and twenty-nine seconds later they were still climbing
¡ªand yes, Sophie counted. It was the only way to stop herself from
thinking about how impossibly high they must be. And from
wondering how they were ever going to get back down safely. And
from noticing how stuffy it was getting inside the Paragon, thanks to
all the bodies and the sunlight. The sweat trickling down her back felt
like ants crawling on her skin.
   Around the seven-hundred-second mark, the light shifted, fading
from warm yellow to a soft blue, and Sophie was too relieved by the
rush of cool air to wonder what that meant. She didn¡¯t even care when
cool turned to cold. Or when cold turned to shivering. She just wrapped
her cape tighter around herself and watched her breath puff out in tiny
clouds, relieved to finally not feel like she was slowly melting away.
   ¡°Brace yourselves,¡± Emery warned again¡ªnot that there was
anything to grab ahold of. And it would¡¯ve been nice if there had been,
since the stop was about as smooth as a teenage driver slamming on
the brakes.

   Sophie was a few seconds from face-planting into the floor when
strong hands hauled her back to her feet.

   ¡°Thanks,¡± she mumbled, blinking at her savior.
   She knew she was having a strange day when ending up in Bronte¡¯s
arms wasn¡¯t even the weirdest thing that had happened.
   ¡°Give yourself a second to adjust to the altitude,¡± Oralie told her,
catching Sophie by her shoulders when she tried to stand on her own
¡ªand nearly collapsed again.
   ¡°How come you guys aren¡¯t affected?¡± Biana asked as both
Councillor Darek and Councillor Liora helped steady her.
   Councillor Alina and Councillor Zarina were keeping Stina upright,
Councillor Clarette and Councillor Noland each had their arms
hooked around Dex¡¯s elbows, and Councillor Ramira and Councillor
Velia had lunged to catch Wylie when he¡¯d toppled forward.
   ¡°We have these,¡± Councillor Terik said, pointing to his key-pin¡ª
and looking far steadier than Sophie and her friends were, even with
his cane. ¡°A clever Technopath built altitude stabilizers into them, as
well as some features that help with motion sickness and balance.¡±
   ¡°I suppose we should¡¯ve had something similar made for you,¡±
Emery murmured. ¡°Hazard of being the first to share this experience.
You¡¯re going to expose all the flaws in the system.¡±
   ¡°Does that mean you¡¯re planning on appointing more Regents like
us?¡± Stina asked, trying to tame her curls, which now looked like
someone had rubbed her head with a balloon. ¡°Or making more teams
or whatever?¡±
   ¡°That depends on whether or not you succeed,¡± Emery told her.
   Dex snorted. ¡°Great, no pressure.¡±
   ¡°You should absolutely feel pressure,¡± Emery said, and the diamonds
in his crown seemed to glint with the warning. ¡°You¡¯ve had a lot of fun
making jokes today, Mr. Dizznee, but I hope you truly understand the
gravity of the responsibility you¡¯re taking on. Fail at your assignment
and it¡¯s likely that people will perish.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, what else is new?¡± Dex snapped back. ¡°You realize how
normal that is for us, right? We¡¯ve been facing those kinds of odds for
years¡ªand by the way, some of those lives on the line? They¡¯re ours
and all the people we care about. We don¡¯t get to hide away in the
safety of our castles¡ª¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m sure you¡¯ll agree that what happened to Councillor Kenric
proves we are anything but safe,¡± Bronte cut in.

   Silence followed, and Sophie had to steal a glance at Oralie, feeling
her heart twist when she watched Oralie¡¯s eyes turn glassy. Clearly all
the months since Kenric¡¯s death hadn¡¯t lessened Oralie¡¯s grief over
losing the person everyone had suspected she¡¯d secretly been in love
with¡ªand who¡¯d obviously been in love with her, too.

   ¡°Fine,¡± Dex conceded, ¡°but you have to admit that you guys aren¡¯t
exactly on the front lines¡ªand I¡¯m not saying you should be. All I¡¯m
saying is: Don¡¯t act like we don¡¯t get how huge the stakes are just
because we still know how to have a little fun sometimes.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, maybe we joke around because it makes all the tough stuff
feel a little less terrifying,¡± Biana added. ¡°It doesn¡¯t mean we don¡¯t
know what we¡¯re up against¡ªwe know that better than anybody.¡± She
held out her arms, letting the light catch the lines of her scars. ¡°And
we¡¯re still here¡ªstill fighting. So the only real difference is that now
you guys are supposedly going to help us, instead of hindering us, like
you have been.¡±

   ¡°Exactly.¡± Dex crossed his arms, eyeing each of the Councillors.
¡°The way I see it, we¡¯re just going to keep right on doing what we¡¯ve
been doing. And whether this new arrangement fails, or succeeds,
that¡¯s on you.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s always on us, Mr. Dizznee,¡± Emery said through a sigh that
sounded more weary than frustrated. ¡°Being Councillors is a
tremendous responsibility¡ªone you need to start grasping more fully if
we¡¯re going to work together. Which is why we brought you here
today. We realize you¡¯re eager to get to work, and assure you that this
will only take a few more minutes. But it¡¯s time for the five of you to
understand the larger forces at play in our world, and how they shape
the roles we¡¯ve taken on.¡±

   All twelve Councillors reached for their pins again, this time
pressing the filigree inlaid into the bow and triggering a squeaky rattle
in the walls.

   Sophie¡¯s ears rang as the honeycomb stones unfolded with extra
panes of smooth, clear crystal that slowly rotated as the diamond
stones eased apart, allowing the new pieces to snap together with the
old and form a much wider globe. The floor stretched toward its new
barriers, and within seconds the Paragon had doubled in size¡ªmaybe
even tripled.

   And the clear panes now served as windows, providing an
impossible view of¡­

   ¡°I thought you said we weren¡¯t going into space,¡± Sophie murmured,
rubbing her eyes to make sure she was truly staring at the sphere of
swirled blue, white, and green like she¡¯d seen in hundreds and
hundreds of pictures in human science classes.

   She never thought she¡¯d actually see the earth from up above¡ªand
it was so much more beautiful than she¡¯d imagined.

   And humbling.
   And awe-inspiring.
   And more than a little terrifying.
   Everything she knew¡ªeverything she cared about¡ªwas so very far
away. And she had no idea how they were supposed to get back, or
how it was safe for them to be hovering so high up in this sparkly
hamster ball contraption.

   ¡°Technically, we¡¯re not in space,¡± Councillor Emery corrected.
¡°We¡¯re at the very edge of our atmosphere, at the Point of Purity,
where the force of the sunlight, starlight, and moonlight are all equal.
As Councillors, we make this journey at least once a year, to remind
ourselves where the true power in our world lies. It¡¯s not in us¡ªor in
anyone in our species¡ªbut in nature itself. We are fragile, flawed
creatures. But by some strange fluke of chance, we¡¯re also conduits for
these forces that surround us¡ªand we¡¯re the only species on our planet
capable of such a feat. Which makes it our responsibility to use that
power for good¡ªto maintain order and peace for all creatures, and to
ensure that everyone continues to prosper. That is why we lead. Not for
praise or privilege or honor or glory. But because it¡¯s our obligation.
And all we hope for in exchange is a thriving, safe planet. Only when
you truly believe that about us can you understand who we are, both as
your Councillors and as people. The crowns and fanfare are simply a
facade to look the part we¡¯ve found ourselves having to play. They do
not change the fact that what we really are is a group of twelve
relatively normal individuals trying our best to be what people need.
And that is why we must stay in power.¡±

   ¡°Our rule will never be perfect,¡± Bronte added quietly, ¡°but at least
we serve for the right reasons¡ªand we will always strive to do what¡¯s
best for our people. That¡¯s why we wanted the five of you to stand with
us here today, in the center of all that drives us, so we can offer you the
new oath that we¡¯ve created.¡±

   Councillor Emery¡¯s gaze shifted to Sophie, and when he spoke
again, his tone held a new level of authority. ¡°Everything we do¡ªright
or wrong, good or bad, success or failure¡ªis to serve the various
species who need our help on this planet. We won¡¯t deny that we¡¯ve
made missteps, or that we¡¯ve resisted change¡ªbut those days are now
behind us. For too long we¡¯ve clung to the old ways, relying on the
tried and true because it had worked in the past. But it has failed us,
again and again. So it¡¯s time to move forward. Time to embrace new
views and new wisdom. And we stand here now, ready to swear to you
that from this moment on, you can be assured of three things: We will
listen. We will learn. And we will adapt. All we ask in return is that you be
ready and willing to do the same. If you put your faith in us, we will
put that same faith in you. For the good of everyone.¡±

   ¡°For the good of everyone,¡± the other eleven Councillors repeated,
their diamond circlets glittering like stars. ¡°We will listen. We will
learn. And we will adapt.¡±

   ¡°Your service to us will not be easy,¡± Emery added, widening his
gaze to include all of Sophie¡¯s teammates. ¡°It will not be safe. And it
will not always be what you wish it would be. But it will be vital. It will
be game-changing. And together, we will bring our side to victory¡ª
assuming we¡¯re on the same side. Are you ready to accept this
partnership?¡±

   ¡°A partnership in the loosest sense of the word,¡± Bronte clarified
quickly. ¡°Your authority will technically be no different than the
authority of any other Regent. And our authority will remain supreme.
But¡­ we will hear you out and keep an open mind. And the fact that
I¡¯m promising this after I¡¯ve endured your ridiculous discussions of
team names and titles for Miss Foster¡ªand did so without inflicting
on any of you, no less¡ªshould be more than enough proof of my
commitment to this vow.¡±

   ¡°We¡¯re all committed,¡± Terik assured them. ¡°The five of you are
incredibly special children.¡±
   ¡°Uh, who are you calling ¡®children¡¯?¡± Wylie asked.
   Terik smiled. ¡°When you get to be my age¡ªand certainly when you
get to be Bronte¡¯s age¡ªyou¡¯ll see why the term still applies. But you¡¯ll
also see that it¡¯s not a bad thing. There¡¯s great power in youth. What
you lack in experience, you make up for in innovation. And hopefully,
by combining both perspectives, this new arrangement will be the
solution we so desperately need.¡±
   ¡°Which is why we must now ask for your commitment,¡± Emery
added. ¡°We¡¯ve sworn our oath to you. It¡¯s time for you to make yours to
us¡ªwhich will be a two-step process. First a vow, similar to what most
Regents say, with slight modifications to reflect our unique situation.
And the vow will be followed by a simple test to prove that you¡¯re each
ready for the responsibilities and challenges ahead.¡±
   ¡°Test?¡± Sophie and all of her friends repeated, sharing a nervous
look.
   ¡°A simple test,¡± Emery emphasized, ¡°which will only take a few
moments¡ªand all of you should have no trouble completing it. But I
assumed it would hold your focus from the moment I mentioned it, so
I¡¯m going to explain the details of the test first, even though it will
technically be the second step in this process.¡±
   He led the five of them forward, and Sophie noticed that her legs
weren¡¯t the only ones shaking as Emery had her, Dex, Biana, Wylie,
and Stina line up in that order. He positioned them several feet apart
and had them face the diamond-and-crystal dome with the rest of the
Councillors behind them.
   ¡°We brought you here to experience the power of the Prime
Sources,¡± Emery said, stationing himself to their left. ¡°Have any of you
already detected their presence?¡±
   ¡°Yes,¡± Wylie breathed, his hands trembling as he wrapped his arms
around himself and closed his eyes. ¡°They¡¯re¡­ overwhelming.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m sure they are for a Flasher,¡± Emery agreed. ¡°Just as I¡¯m certain
they¡¯re more intense for a Vanisher.¡±

   All eyes shifted to Biana, who¡¯d started flickering in and out of sight
like a strobe light. ¡°Yeah, they¡¯re¡­ wow,¡± she whispered.

   Emery nodded. ¡°But even those without light talents can still feel
each source if they concentrate properly. It¡¯s easiest if you stretch out
your arms and hold your palms toward the windows.¡±

   Sophie had assumed he was only talking to her, Dex, and Stina¡ªbut
when she glanced over her shoulder, all the Councillors had done the
same.

   ¡°The sunlight is the easiest to identify,¡± Emery said quietly. ¡°You
simply need to seek out the same warm tingle you¡¯re used to feeling on
a bright summer day.¡±

   The instruction wasn¡¯t quite as simple as it sounded, given how
freezing it was inside the Paragon. But Sophie knew from her skill
lessons with Keefe that there was always more warmth around her
than she realized. She just had to make her mind concentrate the right
way. So she thought of that sweltering yellow glow she¡¯d endured for
most of their journey, focusing on the trickle of sweat she¡¯d felt
streaming down her back. And sure enough, she could still detect
traces of that same heat prickling along her spine. She centered her
mind on the feeling, and it was as if someone had turned on one of
those human patio heaters, showering her with a dry, swirling warmth
that erased her shivers, even though her breath was still clouding with
every exhale.

   ¡°Sunlight is not a gentle heat,¡± Emery continued. ¡°It¡¯s an invisible
fire that can burn all the way to your core if you let it¡ªand that¡¯s still
only the beginning of its power. The sun always has more to give¡ª
which means it can easily become too much if we draw upon it too
heavily. So we must never let ourselves take more than we have a need
for. Harnessing the sun is about respect and restraint.¡±

   ¡°The moonlight is the opposite,¡± Councillor Terik informed them,
limping to stand beside Emery. ¡°It¡¯s always cool and gentle and
soothing. And it can sometimes be elusive. To find it, you must search
for the soft calm you feel on a clear evening. It tends to linger in the
quietest places.¡±

   He paused, giving them time to seek out the right sensation, and it
took Sophie several breaths to home in on the feeling¡ªa cold, silky
caress down the back of her neck.

   ¡°The moonlight will always be there for us in our darkest hours,¡±
Terik continued. ¡°But it¡¯s also ever-changing. Sometimes weak.
Sometimes strong. It all depends on the day. So we must learn to
embrace the force in all its varying phases¡ªdemanding as much as we
can, but never pushing for more than it has to offer. Never expecting it
to be more than it is. Harnessing the moon is about managing
expectations.¡±

   ¡°And starlight is the most varied of all the Sources,¡± Councillor
Oralie whispered as she joined Terik and Emery, placing one slender
hand against a clear pane of crystal on the curved wall. ¡°Each star will
share only the faintest flicker¡ªunless we ask it to give us more. Then
it will pour out all we need in abundance. And even when we ignore its
force, or wash it away with other light, it is always there waiting. You¡¯ll
feel the starlight patiently thrumming in the background, like a steady,
tingly heartbeat.¡±

   The last word helped Sophie center on the right sensation¡ªa
pulsing shiver that felt like it was everywhere and nowhere all at the
same time.

   ¡°Every star is different,¡± Oralie added softly. ¡°And calling on too
many can muddle their energy. It¡¯s best to be deliberate when we reach
for them, selecting the precise star we need and nothing more.
Harnessing the stars is about choice, and utilizing them takes both
knowledge and wisdom.¡±

   ¡°We realize all of this likely feels a bit abstract,¡± Emery said as
Oralie stepped back from the window. ¡°I¡¯d wager some of you are even
thinking, ¡®Why does this matter? Don¡¯t we mostly use light for
leaping?¡¯ And you¡¯re not wrong. But light is the foundation of our
world, and it affects everything. So the more we endeavor to understand
and appreciate the unique attributes that each type of light comes
with, the better we¡¯re also able to understand the needs of everything
that relies on that light for existence. Which is why the test we¡¯ve
chosen is the same test we take ourselves every year: We want you to
leap back to Eternalia using a beam made from all three Prime
Sources. It will be no more challenging than any other leap you¡¯ve
made, but it will also feel unlike anything you¡¯ve experienced. And it
will help you to better comprehend the power at your disposal¡ªand
your position in relation to that power¡ªin a way that nothing else
truly can.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯ll each make your leap with two of us at your side,¡± Bronte
added, ¡°and those same Councillors will be your points of contact for
as long as they serve and you maintain your title as Regent. You¡¯ll
report primarily to Miss Foster, of course¡ªgiven that she¡¯s your team
leader¡ªand she¡¯ll report to all of us, both for general updates and for
any larger matters. But should you need further guidance on smaller
issues, know that your assigned Councillors will always be available to
you. And no¡ªyou don¡¯t get to pick who you¡¯ll be paired with.¡±

   Darek and Liora moved to stand beside Biana, while Clarette and
Noland joined Dex, and Ramira and Velia stationed themselves by
Wylie. Alina and Zarina went to Stina¡ªwho looked less than thrilled
to be paired with her former principal¡ªand Sophie realized they¡¯d
each been paired with the same Councillors who¡¯d helped steady them
when the Paragon had stopped moving.

   So she wasn¡¯t surprised when Bronte and Oralie moved to stand
next to her¡ªbut she was surprised that she didn¡¯t mind the idea of
working so closely with Bronte.

   Definitely a very strange day.
   ¡°Emery and I are at your disposal as well,¡± Terik explained. ¡°Think
of us as the team¡¯s general overseers¡ªthose less closely involved in the
nitty-gritty of it all, in order to maintain a wider perspective.¡±
   ¡°Is everyone ready now?¡± Emery asked, and when Sophie, Wylie,
Dex, Biana, and Stina had nodded, one Councillor from each pairing
reached into their cloaks and removed a long silver chain that held a
simple crystal pendant.
   The crystals were swirled with three different colors¡ªwhite, silver,
and gold¡ªand looked much cloudier than the stones the elves usually
used to create leaping paths. But that did nothing to dull the vibrancy
of the light that was refracted at everyone¡¯s feet when the Councillors
held the pendants up to the windows. In fact, the paths were so bright
that Sophie couldn¡¯t look directly at the beams.
   ¡°Now that everything¡¯s in place,¡± Emery said, ¡°it¡¯s time for you to
make your oaths. And as I mentioned before, the vow has been slightly
amended for this occasion. Regents generally say: ¡®I swear to use
everything in my power to serve the Council and make our world a
haven of peace, hope, and illumination.¡¯ But for you five, given that
you¡¯re making this oath at a time when war threatens to cast its
shadow over our world, we¡¯ve made two small adjustments to the
wording. The vow we¡¯re asking you to make is: ¡®I swear to fight with
everything in my power to serve the Council and keep our world a
haven of peace, hope, and illumination.¡¯ We¡¯ll have you make your
oaths one at a time¡ªand then you should let the Prime Sources carry
you back to Eternalia, where your assigned Councillors will give you a
few final instructions. Then your appointments will officially be
complete and you can get started on your assignment. Is everyone
clear? Good. Who would like to go first?¡±

   ¡°Shouldn¡¯t our fearless leader show us how it¡¯s done?¡± Stina
suggested, smirking at Sophie.

   ¡°Actually, a true leader goes last,¡± Emery corrected, ¡°to ensure that
everyone in their team successfully completes their task.¡±

   Stina¡¯s smile faded.
   ¡°I¡¯ll go,¡± Wylie offered, and when his eyes shifted to Sophie, it took
her a second to realize he was waiting for her approval.
   That¡­ was going to take some getting used to.
   She nodded and he reached for Ramira¡¯s and Velia¡¯s hands, then
cleared his throat and said, ¡°I swear to fight with everything in my
power to serve the Council and keep our world a haven of peace, hope,
and illumination.¡±
   ¡°May the Prime Sources carry you safely,¡± Emery told him, and
Wylie turned back to Sophie. Once he had her permission, he pulled
Ramira and Velia forward and the three of them stepped into the
blinding light, vanishing in a shower of shimmer.
   Biana went next, copying Wylie almost exactly. The only difference
was the tiny wink she gave Sophie before the light whisked her, Darek,
and Liora away.
   Then Stina made a big fuss about it being her turn. It looked like
she wasn¡¯t going to get Sophie¡¯s permission before doing anything. But
at the last second Stina rolled her eyes and turned to face her new
leader. ¡°We good, Foster?¡±
   Sophie considered the question, wanting to make sure she was
being honest when she nodded.
   Stina nodded back and huffed out an annoyed breath before she
repeated the oath and disappeared with her Councillors in a
particularly bright flash.

   Then it was Dex¡¯s turn. And when his eyes met Sophie¡¯s, he looked
more nervous than she¡¯d been expecting. As if the reality of what he
was agreeing to was finally hitting him.

   ¡°Ready to become Lord Dex?¡± she asked, trying to help him relax.
   ¡°You ready to become Lady Fos-Boss?¡± he countered.
   The title didn¡¯t feel like a tease this time, and Sophie assumed that
meant he was asking if they were making the right decision.
   She honestly didn¡¯t know.
   But they never knew if they were making the right decision. They
just took their best guess and kept going.
   So she told him, ¡°I¡¯ll never be Lady Fos-Boss. But¡­ everything else?
Bring it on.¡±
   His dimples peeked out of the corners of his mouth. ¡°Yeah, bring it
on.¡±
   ¡°And then there was one,¡± Emery noted as Dex, Clarette, and
Noland glittered away.
   ¡°The girl who changed our minds,¡± Terik added, and Sophie
couldn¡¯t tell if he meant that as a good thing or a bad thing.
   She pressed her hands to her sides, refusing to tug on her eyelashes
during such a crucial moment. Instead, she took her chance to ask the
question she¡¯d been wondering about since she first stepped into the
Paragon.
   ¡°The day I first met you guys,¡± she said, turning to Oralie and
Bronte, ¡°when you tested me to decide if I qualified for Foxfire, you
were wearing the same cloak pins you are now. Does that mean you¡¯d
been up here before you went to Everglen¡ªor came up here after you
left?¡±
   ¡°Yes,¡± Emery answered for them. ¡°We all made the journey that
morning, since we sensed that your arrival was sure to be a turning
point in our world.¡±

   ¡°We wanted to ensure that we had the proper perspective when we
met with you,¡± Oralie explained, ¡°in order to make the best possible
decision under such unexpected circumstances.¡±

   ¡°We leaped straight from here to the gates of Everglen,¡± Bronte
added, ¡°and I thought a lot about the Sources during our visit. In fact,
the whole time I was there, I couldn¡¯t help wondering if someday you¡¯d
be standing up here beside us¡ªand now, here you are.¡±

   He snorted when Sophie¡¯s jaw fell open.
   ¡°No need to look so stunned,¡± he told her with a rueful smile. ¡°I
never said I was pleased with the idea. I could simply tell that this was
where we were heading. Why do you think I pushed you the way that I
did? I had to ensure that you were truly someone who could be trusted
with the role you were surely meant to play. And I won¡¯t claim that my
behavior toward you was always admirable¡ªor fair. But¡­ you bore it
far better than I ever would¡¯ve expected. And now, here we are, and I
must say¡­ you are certainly worthy.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s eyes burned worse than they had with Wylie¡¯s earlier
compliment.
   A couple of tears might¡¯ve even spilled over.
   She hoped no one noticed.
   Oralie took Sophie¡¯s hand, gently twining their fingers together.
¡°Are you ready to make your oath, Lady Sophie?¡±
   Sophie nodded.
   But instead of the vow, she found herself blurting out, ¡°I have no
idea what I¡¯m doing.¡±
   Bronte took her other hand, guiding her closer to the beam of light.
¡°I¡¯ll let you in on a secret, Sophie. One that you may or may not find
reassuring. None of us know what we¡¯re doing.¡±
   Terik laughed. ¡°No, we certainly don¡¯t.¡±
   ¡°That does not make me feel better,¡± Sophie told them.
   But as the words left her mouth, she realized they weren¡¯t true.
   Maybe this was what growing up meant¡ªtackling the huge

challenges, whether you were ready for them or not. And trusting that
you¡¯d figure out a way to get through it.

   ¡°You ready?¡± Bronte asked.
   ¡°She¡¯s ready,¡± Oralie answered for her, offering a shy smile before
adding, ¡°The Empath would know.¡±
   Sophie tightened her grip on each of them¡ªthe two Councillors
she¡¯d first started her adventure in the Lost Cities with.
   It seemed fitting to let them guide her into this next stage.
   She only wished Kenric was still with them.
   But she¡¯d let his loss fuel her determination.
   She owed him a victory. Hopefully this was how she¡¯d get it for him.
   ¡°Okay,¡± she said. ¡°I swear to fight with everything in my power to
serve the Council and keep our world a haven of peace, hope, and
illumination.¡±
   Then, without a second¡¯s hesitation, she led Bronte and Oralie
forward, and they each stepped into the light and let the Sources carry
them away.
                    NINE

SOPHIE HAD ENDURED LEAPS OF all different speeds and sights and

sensations during her years in the Lost Cities¡ªbut she¡¯d never
experienced anything that made her feel so¡­ small.

   She was a dust mote swirling in an endless sunbeam.
   Plankton riding the crest of a tidal wave.
   And yet, somehow, the journey still felt incredibly empowering¡ª
and peaceful.
   The Sources¡¯ threads of soft warmth and silky cold and subtle
tingles moved in perfect synchronization.
   None of them tried to overshadow the others.
   None fought to take control.
   Each force did what it did best and relied on the others to handle
their own.
   And the unity was so soothing¡ªso steadying¡ªthat Sophie¡¯s mind
happily surrendered to the flow, trusting the light to keep her safe and
cared for during their travels.
   She would¡¯ve followed the Sources anywhere as they swirled and
spun and soared across the sky. But the powerful triad of light knew
exactly when it was time to let her go. And suddenly there was breath
filling her lungs and solid ground under her feet, and her eyes were
blinking through the too-bright glare as her body pieced itself back
together and the light continued its adventures without her.
   She wasn¡¯t sure if the test had been meant to remind her that she
was both strong and insignificant, or to teach her the importance of
balance and cooperation. Either way, she could definitely understand
why the Council found it valuable to make that leap year after year
after year.

   The Sources had shown her a perfect example of how to lead
without dominating¡ªand made her feel powerful and humbled all at
the same time.

   Oralie and Bronte looked just as affected, despite how many times
they¡¯d experienced the phenomenon. Bronte¡¯s eyes were even a little
bit misty.

   ¡°Where are we?¡± Sophie asked, squinting at the round room, which
felt like a cross between a fairy princess¡¯s bedroom and a Middle
Eastern palace. Arched windows broke up the shimmering walls,
draped with wispy pink curtains and strands of beaded lace, and
dozens of pink jeweled lanterns dangled from the domed ceiling. Pink
silk cushions were piled across the ornate pink rugs. And the gilded
dressing table and chair were inlaid with enormous pink tourmalines.
Golden chests of all different shapes and sizes were stacked neatly
around the table, along with two floor-length mirrors, which gave
Sophie a rather pitiful glimpse of her now greatly disheveled
appearance.

   Her hair had morphed into a tangle-monster, and the smoky powder
she¡¯d brushed across her eyelids had gooped up in the corners.

   ¡°This is one of the readying rooms in the Seat of Eminence,¡± Oralie
told her, removing the pins from her bun and letting her long blond
ringlets fall free. ¡°To ensure that we¡¯re always able to present ourselves
at our best. The rest of your friends are in four of the other rooms.
There are twelve in all¡ªone for each of us on the Council. I doubt it
surprises you that this is mine.¡±

   ¡°Are you sure?¡± Sophie teased. ¡°This place really feels like Bronte to
me.¡±
   Bronte snorted. ¡°Mine has an empty mahogany table and a sturdy
chair.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s one of the bleakest places I¡¯ve ever been,¡± Oralie noted,
shaking her head. ¡°Hence why we decided it would be better to leap
you here.¡±

   ¡°But I don¡¯t understand,¡± Sophie admitted, remembering what
Grady had told her earlier. ¡°I thought the Seat of Eminence was
designed to block light from coming into the building.¡±

   ¡°It is,¡± Bronte agreed. ¡°But as Councillors, we have secret access
points, in case we need to make a private visit or a hasty exit.¡±

   ¡°And don¡¯t worry¡ªyou¡¯re perfectly safe here,¡± Oralie assured her.
¡°This room is protected by an abundance of security measures.¡±

   ¡°We also won¡¯t be here long,¡± Bronte added. ¡°I can only handle so
much pink.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯ll tough it out as long as you have to,¡± Oralie informed him.
¡°Sophie needs to look her best when she returns as a Regent.¡±

   She pulled out the dressing table¡¯s chair and motioned for Sophie to
sit.

   ¡°Uh¡­ please tell me you¡¯re not giving me a makeover,¡± Sophie
mumbled.

   The number of pots and vials and brushes and powder puffs on the
dressing table was downright terrifying. And they¡¯d already lost
enough time.

   ¡°It¡¯ll be painless,¡± Oralie promised.
   ¡°Somehow I doubt that will be the case¡ªfor both Sophie and
myself,¡± Bronte muttered.
   Sophie had never felt such a strong bond with the pointy-eared
Councillor in all her life.
   Oralie clicked her tongue at both of them and patted the chair¡¯s
cushion¡ªwhich was, of course, pink¡ªand Sophie realized there was
no way she was getting out of there without a little primping.
   So¡­ time for a makeover.
   From a Councillor.
   Definitely the Weirdest. Day. Ever.
   ¡°Nothing too sparkly,¡± she begged as she slumped into the chair,

and Oralie spun her around and crouched in front of her.
   ¡°I¡¯ll stay true to who you are,¡± Oralie promised, tilting Sophie¡¯s chin

from side to side, studying each of her features for what felt like an
eternity. Sophie had to start counting the passing seconds to stop
herself from squirming.

   She made it to seventy-three before a pucker formed between
Oralie¡¯s perfect eyebrows. ¡°Is something wrong?¡± Sophie asked, since
forehead puckers were rarely good news.

   Oralie shook her head. ¡°Of course not! You just look so¡­¡±
   ¡°So¡­?¡± Sophie prompted.
   ¡°It¡¯s hard to explain. You¡¯ve changed since the first day I met you.
You¡¯re¡­ not a little girl anymore. Which is how it¡¯s supposed to be. I
just wish¡­¡± Oralie bit her lip and looked away. ¡°Never mind. We
should get started.¡± She straightened up and grabbed a silky cloth from
the table, spritzing it with something that smelled like jasmine. ¡°I
know you and your friends are eager to get to work.¡±
   ¡°Are Dex, Biana, Stina, and Wylie getting makeovers too?¡± Sophie
asked, hoping Dex would show up with his hair dyed black and styled
all shaggy¡ªbecause Emo Dex would be hilarious¡ªand that Stina
would end up with giant hair-sprayed bangs.
   ¡°I doubt it,¡± Bronte told her, killing her dreams. ¡°So you need to
hurry, Oralie.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll do my best. But this is important. Sophie¡¯s the leader. She needs
to look the part. Especially for her big debut.¡±
   Sophie frowned. ¡°I thought you guys hadn¡¯t decided when you¡¯d be
announcing our appointments.¡±

   ¡°We haven¡¯t.¡± Oralie wiped Sophie¡¯s eyes with the cloth she¡¯d
prepared, then set to work brushing out Sophie¡¯s tangles. ¡°But that
doesn¡¯t mean we can¡¯t start building buzz. We¡¯re going to have you and
your friends and family leap home from outside the Seat of Eminence.
That way people will see you in your finery and wonder what¡¯s going
on. Should get the rumors and gossip spreading.¡±

   ¡°Oh. Great.¡±
   Bronte barked a laugh. ¡°I think you and I understand each other far
better than we realized, Miss Foster. But try to remember that there¡¯s
been a turning of the tide, so to speak. Gossip can now be a good thing
for you. You¡¯re no longer a girl steeped in suspicion.¡±
   ¡°Why is that?¡± Sophie asked, turning to look at him, even though
she could tell Oralie wanted her to hold still. ¡°I mean¡­ what happened
at Everglen was a disaster¡ªand I barely did anything except run
around trying not to get eaten. I don¡¯t really get how seeing that
could¡¯ve inspired people to trust me.¡±
   Oralie set down the brush and dabbed a cool pink gel on the apples
of Sophie¡¯s cheeks. ¡°You know what I think it was? Out of all the
people there, you were the one who could flee from the danger the
easiest. Everyone else needed to get their hands on a leaping crystal.
But you could¡¯ve teleported away¡ªand your trollish bodyguard even
tried to convince you to do exactly that. And still, you stayed. That
kind of loyalty means something to people.¡±
   ¡°As it should,¡± Bronte agreed. ¡°Why do you think you¡¯re here with
us now? Though I wish we weren¡¯t here.¡± He gestured around the room
as Oralie smeared Sophie¡¯s lips with a balm that tasted like
lushberries. ¡°So while Oralie finishes whatever nonsense she¡¯s doing,
I¡¯ll walk you through the Articles of your Regency. The more we
multitask, the sooner we can escape this pink monstrosity.¡±

   Oralie flung one of the powder puffs at his head, showering his face
with a cloud of glitter.

   But Sophie was all for Bronte¡¯s plan¡ªeven if the term ¡°Articles¡±
had her bracing for a bunch of thick, boring books she¡¯d be expected
to read from cover to cover in order to learn all the various laws and
procedures of the nobility.

   Instead, Bronte grabbed one of the larger chests resting at her feet
and flipped back the lid to reveal¡­

   ¡°I have to wear a crown?¡± She scowled at the gilded circlet resting
on a black velvet cushion. The band was decorated with curls of gold
that hooked together to form pointed spirals, and tiny diamonds were
dotted throughout the design. The main focal point, though, was an
oval ruby that glittered at the circlet¡¯s center.

   The delicate headpiece was actually quite pretty, in that horrifying,
everyone-will-definitely-be-staring-at-her-when-she-wears-this kind
of way. But she would¡¯ve preferred the jewel not be bloodred.

   ¡°It¡¯s only for official occasions,¡± Oralie assured her. ¡°Like elections
or special announcements¡ªor today, when we¡¯re trying to get people¡¯s
attention.¡±

   ¡°I guess.¡± That was still a whole lot more crown time than Sophie
wanted.

   ¡°And remember, we decided on the starlight circlet,¡± Oralie told
Bronte, spraying Sophie¡¯s face with something that smelled citrusy,
¡°because the glow from the lumenite will draw more attention.¡±

   ¡°Uh, how many circlets are you giving me?¡± Sophie asked as Bronte
lifted the velvet cushion, revealing a nearly identical silver circlet
hidden underneath. Then he lifted that cushion and there was a third
nearly identical glowing white circlet, which had to be the one Oralie
meant.

   ¡°There¡¯s one to represent each of the Sources,¡± Bronte explained.
   So¡­ three crowns.
   Ugh.
   ¡°Occasionally we may request that you wear a specific one¡ªlike
today,¡± Oralie explained, leaning back as she dusted Sophie¡¯s forehead
with one of the powder puffs. ¡°But you¡¯ll generally be able to choose
your favorite. The important thing will be making sure that everyone
on your team is wearing the circlet for the same Source as you are, so
the five of you come across as unified¡ªand the same thing goes for
your cloak clasps.¡±
   Before Sophie could ask, Bronte lifted another smaller trunk and
flipped back the lid to reveal three pins¡ªone gold, one silver, one
lumenite¡ªeach in the same swirled shape as the pattern woven
throughout her circlet. It reminded Sophie of some of the Celtic
symbols she¡¯d seen, only the spiral was a little looser.
   ¡°It¡¯s the symbol we created for your team,¡± Bronte explained,
handing her the gold pin to examine. ¡°Each of the three lines
represents one of the Prime Sources, and the design shows them
evenly uniting. Hopefully it will remind you of the need for proper
balance in your collaboration.¡±
   ¡°Do you not like it?¡± Oralie asked, pausing in the middle of lining
Sophie¡¯s eyes with black, smudgy pencil.
   ¡°No, it¡¯s fine.¡± Sophie ran her finger along the smooth metal curls.
¡°It just¡­ feels a little weird that I¡¯ve never heard people talk about the
Sources before. Seems like they¡¯re super important.¡±
   ¡°The Sources should definitely be covered better in the Foxfire
curriculum,¡± Bronte admitted. ¡°I¡¯ll have to make sure that Magnate
Leto has that oversight corrected when sessions resume. But most
people will likely still see them primarily as light and nothing more.
Focusing on the power behind them is more of a Council way of
thinking, which is why we thought they¡¯d be a fitting symbol for your
team, since you¡¯ll be collaborating with us rather uniquely.¡±

   ¡°But something else bothers you about the pins,¡± Oralie pressed,
placing her hand on Sophie¡¯s shoulder, probably to remind her that she
couldn¡¯t hide anything from an Empath.

   Sophie sighed. ¡°Well¡­ I guess I¡¯m just wondering if these pins mean
I can¡¯t wear my Ruewen crest anymore.¡±

   ¡°We¡¯d prefer that you didn¡¯t,¡± Bronte admitted. ¡°At least until
people no longer need regular reminders of your authority. That¡¯s the
point of all this¡±¡ªhe motioned to the gilded chests at her feet¡ª¡°to
ensure that people will see past your youth, and any of the previous
scandals they may remember, and recognize that you must be obeyed
and respected. Particularly those with authority themselves, like the
leaders of the other species. That¡¯s going to be essential for you to
succeed with your assignments.¡±

   ¡°I guess that makes sense,¡± Sophie mumbled, reaching to remove
her Ruewen pin. But her fingers didn¡¯t want to unfasten the clasp.

   ¡°Grady and Edaline will always be your family, with or without their
crest on your cloak,¡± Oralie assured her.

   ¡°It¡¯s not that,¡± Sophie argued¡ªthough it was a little.
   Having a family crest meant a lot to a girl who¡¯d been adopted.
   ¡°It¡¯s just¡­ I don¡¯t know¡ªthis all feels so much bigger than I
imagined when Edaline first told me about the Regent thing. I mean,
it¡¯s not like Grady wears a special cloak clasp with a custom designed
symbol, or a circlet¡ªand he¡¯s an Emissary.¡±
   ¡°But you¡¯re a new kind of Regent,¡± Bronte reminded her. ¡°In fact,
we considered creating a wholly new title for you and your friends, to
help highlight the difference to everyone. But we feared that would
end up causing too much confusion¡ªas well as a bunch of Regents
seeking appointments to the new level. So we asked our gnomes to put
together these Articles for all of you instead. The circlets, clasps, and
cloaks should sufficiently communicate your exalted status, while also
feeling specific to your team.¡±

   ¡°Cloaks?¡± Sophie repeated, letting out a sigh when Bronte pointed
to three more of the chests on the floor.

   ¡°One silver, one white, and one gold,¡± he told her. ¡°I¡¯m sure you can
guess the meaning for the colors at this point. And in case it¡¯s not
clear, you should be mixing up which Source you choose for each item.
So you¡¯ll be wearing the starlight circlet today¡ªand you¡¯re holding the
sunlight clasp. Which means you should wear the moonlight cloak.¡±
He flipped open the center trunk to reveal a neat bundle of folded
silver with some sort of patch sewn to the fabric. ¡°The patch is one
final demonstration of your new status¡ªand your Foxfire uniforms
will need to be affixed with it as well, once sessions resume, since it¡¯s a
noble school.¡± He reached for another small chest and showed her the
stack of round patches inside, handing her one so she could study the
design.

   The palm-size circle had a bright red border and the same symbol
from her circlet and cloak clasps swirling in the background¡ªthough
the three lines alternated colors this time, one gold, one silver, and one
white. But the main focus was the detailed silhouette stitched on top
of everything¡ªa howling dire wolf.

   ¡°We¡¯ve assigned each of you an individual mascot,¡± Oralie
explained, ¡°to represent the role you¡¯ll play for your team.¡±

   ¡°And I¡¯m¡­ a dire wolf?¡± Sophie asked. ¡°Shouldn¡¯t mine be¡­ you
know¡­?¡±

   ¡°A moonlark?¡± Bronte guessed.
   ¡°I mean, it seems logical, right?¡± She was surprised she even had to
suggest it.

   Bronte shook his head. ¡°No offense to the Black Swan. The name
they chose for you is not without its significance. But we think it¡¯s
high time for people to see you as more than an experiment. More than
a survivor. More than a girl left to fend for herself in a world where she
didn¡¯t truly belong. You¡¯re a leader now, Miss Foster. Not a
defenseless little bird. And you¡¯re part of a team, not struggling alone.
So we wanted you to show our world¡ªand your enemies¡ªthat you
rule your pack, and have the claws and teeth to take anyone on.¡±

   Sophie studied the wolf silhouette again, hoping it hid the tears she
could feel forming.

   She¡¯d never thought she needed the Council¡¯s support¡ªbut having
it meant everything.

   Even if the pressure of their expectations was also pretty
nauseating.

   ¡°The change has already happened inside you,¡± Oralie assured her,
tucking Sophie¡¯s hair behind her ears. ¡°I can feel it. And I can see it.
Now we¡¯re just helping you dress the part.¡±

   ¡°Exactly,¡± Bronte said, passing Oralie the glowing lumenite circlet.
¡°Trust us.¡±

   ¡°I do,¡± Sophie told them, trying to hold still as Oralie went to place
it over her head. But at the last second, she couldn¡¯t stop herself from
blurting out, ¡°But you need to know I¡¯m unmatchable.¡±

   Oralie froze.
   Bronte sighed. ¡°I¡¯m assuming that has to do with the lack of
information about your genetic parents.¡±
   Sophie nodded, wondering if Bronte was yet another person who¡¯d
been expecting this to happen.
   Oralie didn¡¯t seem surprised either. More devastated.
   ¡°I¡¯m trying to find out who they are,¡± Sophie assured them, in case
they were about to take her title away.

   ¡°You shouldn¡¯t do that!¡± Bronte warned.
   ¡°Why not?¡± Sophie asked, surprised by the snap in his tone.
   ¡°Because no good can come from it.¡± Bronte kicked aside several
pillows as he turned to pace the length of the room. ¡°Remember, the
Black Swan has kept their identities hidden by choice. I¡¯m sure that
means they have good reason for the secrecy¡ªand I think this is an
instance when we should trust their judgment. Uncovering the secret
will surely cause a tremendous amount of turmoil for the donors¡ªand
it¡¯s possible that their turmoil could ripple through our entire world.
Their identity could also renew the scandal surrounding your
unconventional past, right when public opinion has finally shifted in
your favor.¡±
   ¡°And what about the scandal of being unmatchable?¡± Sophie
countered. ¡°How do you think people are going to feel when they see
me parading around with your fancy Regent symbols on my special
cloak¡ªand my crown¡ªknowing I¡¯m even worse than a bad match?¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re not worse,¡± Bronte insisted. ¡°And if you remain single¡ª¡±
   ¡°Don¡¯t!¡± Oralie slammed the circlet down on the dressing table hard
enough to make Bronte pause midstride. ¡°You can¡¯t expect Sophie to
consider the kind of commitment you¡¯re about to suggest. Not at her
age. I¡¯d had time to review all of my match lists¡ªand I was still far too
young. I had no inkling of the sacrifice I was making.¡±
   Bronte cleared his throat. ¡°I realize that you may have certain
regrets,¡± he told Oralie, ¡°but can you honestly tell me that given the
chance to do it all again, you¡¯d do anything differently?¡±
   Oralie tilted her head to stare at the lanterns twinkling above them.
¡°No. But my decision was my choice. What you¡¯re suggesting for Sophie
wouldn¡¯t necessarily be.¡±
   ¡°Not everything can be as fair as we want,¡± Bronte argued. ¡°Nor as
ideal. But I never said any decisions needed to be made today. I simply
felt it was important to point out that all of this is technically an
avoidable scandal.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s also avoidable if I can provide the matchmakers with my
genetic history,¡± Sophie noted.

   ¡°But that would be a very bad idea.¡± Bronte resumed his pacing. ¡°In
my experience, when the Black Swan wants something to stay hidden,
they have a way of making that happen¡ªat any cost.¡±

   ¡°I thought the Council trusted the Black Swan,¡± Sophie reminded
him.

   ¡°We do,¡± Oralie said quietly.
   ¡°But trust doesn¡¯t cover everything,¡± Bronte noted. ¡°And in this
case, what it means is that we believe the Black Swan to generally be
working for the good of our world. That doesn¡¯t mean we don¡¯t still
expect them to bend or break any rules they deem necessary in order to
attain their goals. And they¡¯ve already told you that they cannot and
will not reveal your parentage, yes?¡±
   Sophie reluctantly nodded.
   ¡°I¡¯m also assuming they¡¯ve asked you not to investigate, right?¡±
When she agreed again, he told her, ¡°Well, then it¡¯s safe to conclude
that they¡¯ll do whatever it takes to ensure you can¡¯t defy their decision.
And think of what they allowed to happen to Prentice in order to keep
your location secret. Do you want to risk that your quest to find your
genetic family could lead to another similar tragedy?¡±
   Sophie¡¯s heart stalled. ¡°The Black Swan wouldn¡¯t¡ª¡±
   ¡°Wouldn¡¯t they?¡± he interrupted. ¡°They know this secret affects
their moonlark in many unfortunate ways. And still they¡¯ve kept it
hidden. Do you honestly not see that as proof that nothing will stop
them from keeping this truth safe? And if you agree with my
assessment¡ªas you should¡ªthen are you truly willing to say, ¡®Hang
the consequences,¡¯ and embark on such a quest solely for your own
personal benefit?¡±

   Sophie¡¯s mouth was so dry that her tongue felt superglued to the
roof of her mouth. So the words came out slightly garbled as she said,
¡°I have no idea. But if I don¡¯t, and people find out I¡¯m unmatchable,
how can I be a Regent¡ª¡±

   ¡°Because we say so,¡± Oralie interrupted, taking Sophie¡¯s hands.
¡°This was a Council decision. All that matters to us is that your team
needs you¡ªand we need you.¡±

   Sophie closed her eyes, letting the wonderful words float around her
brain before she forced herself to remind them, ¡°But you didn¡¯t know
about my match status¡ª¡±

   ¡°Perhaps we didn¡¯t know this specific development,¡± Bronte cut in
quietly. ¡°But all of us have long assumed that there are sure to be many
surprises ahead with you, Miss Foster. Not all of them ideal. And still,
none of us hesitated to make our oath to you, did we?¡±

   ¡°No,¡± Sophie mumbled, wondering how this could possibly be the
same Bronte who¡¯d been so against her in the beginning.

   ¡°Your title is settled,¡± Oralie reminded her. ¡°Your match status
changes nothing. And if anyone questions that decision, you¡¯ll have
the full support of the Council.¡±

   ¡°You will,¡± Bronte agreed. ¡°So I implore you, Miss Foster: Keep this
team your focus. And the danger to the dwarves. And whatever else the
Neverseen might be planning for Tam¡ªas well as any further
assignments we may ask you and your friends to take on. Anything
beyond that will be a distraction at best and a danger at worst. Promise
me you¡¯ll put it out of your mind.¡±

   She knew what he was trying to get her to commit to. And she
couldn¡¯t deny he¡¯d raised some valid concerns.
   But the best she was willing to give him was, ¡°I won¡¯t lose focus¡ª
and I won¡¯t do anything that would endanger anybody.¡±

   ¡°I truly hope that¡¯s the case,¡± he murmured.
   ¡°It is,¡± she promised.
   Painful silence followed, until Oralie cleared her throat and reached
for the circlet. ¡°We shouldn¡¯t keep the others waiting. They need their
leader¡ªassuming you¡¯re still willing.¡±
   Sophie stared at the glowing crown, wondering how long she¡¯d
actually get to keep it. She wasn¡¯t convinced she could truly count on
the Council to stand at her side if the public turned against her.
   But¡­ she had to agree that the Black Swan might go to great lengths
to stop her from finding the information she needed.
   The choice felt overwhelming¡ªuntil she remembered the leap she¡¯d
just taken.
   How freeing it had felt to surrender to the Sources¡¯ power.
   All she¡¯d had to do was let go and rely on something bigger than
herself to carry her through.
   So she nodded, and Oralie set the circlet gently around her
forehead.
   The metal felt cool and heavy against her skin, but she could tell
she¡¯d get used to the weight of it. The pressure wasn¡¯t more than she
could handle.
   ¡°I¡¯m sorry,¡± Oralie whispered before she stepped back.
   ¡°For what?¡± Sophie asked.
   ¡°Many things.¡± She adjusted a strand of Sophie¡¯s hair. ¡°But mostly
for the fact that you¡¯ve needed an ally so many times¡ªand I haven¡¯t
been there. I promise that¡¯s changing.¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± Bronte agreed. ¡°You¡¯re a Regent now¡ªsee for yourself.¡±
   Oralie tilted the mirror, letting Sophie study her reflection. And she
barely recognized the girl staring back at her.
   The pink blush on her cheeks should¡¯ve made her look softer. So
should the wavy tendrils framing her face. But the bold lines
highlighting her eyes made her look older instead.

   Pretty¡ªbut fierce.
   Different¡ªand proud of it.
   And that glowing crown¡­
   ¡°May I?¡± Oralie asked, pointing to Sophie¡¯s Ruewen crest. When
Sophie agreed, Oralie unfastened the clasp, and Sophie¡¯s cape fell away
from her shoulders, sliding to the floor as Oralie draped the much
heavier silver cloak in its place, fastening it with her new golden
Regent clasp and arranging the drape of the fabric so the howling wolf
patch hung visibly over Sophie¡¯s heart. Then she stepped back, giving
Sophie another moment to study herself.
   And this.
   This was the kind of girl who commanded attention.
   The kind of girl who didn¡¯t care what anyone thought of her¡ª
because she knew exactly who she was.
   The kind of girl who wouldn¡¯t let anything matter. Not scandals or
gossip or frightening responsibility.
   This girl could handle it all¡ªand would.
   Sophie wasn¡¯t sure if any of that could truly be said about her¡ªyet.
   But she wanted it to be.
   Oralie nodded, her eyes shimmering as she made one final
adjustment to Sophie¡¯s cape. ¡°Perfect,¡± she whispered. ¡°You¡¯re ready.¡±
   ¡°Yeah,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°I think I am.¡±

Everyone had clearly been waiting on Sophie for a while when she
returned with Bronte and Oralie to the dark, spotlighted room where
she¡¯d left Grady, Sandor, Della, Tiergan, and Vika earlier. But she also
wasn¡¯t the only one of her teammates who¡¯d had a Councillor
makeover.

   Stina¡¯s transformation was nearly as drastic as Sophie¡¯s. No giant
hair-sprayed bangs¡ªsadly¡ªbut her new look might¡¯ve been even
better. Something about her peach cheeks and glossy lips and tamed
curls had turned Stina into someone who actually looked¡­ friendly.

   Her smile even seemed sincere when she spotted Sophie¡ªthough
the mascot the Council had chosen for the silhouette in Stina¡¯s pink-
bordered patch was a kraken. So clearly everyone still had realistic
expectations.

   Wylie¡¯s dark hair was too closely cropped for there to be much
change to his overall style. But the regal finery definitely gave him a
much more confident air.

   Sophie had a feeling that out of all of them, Wylie would have the
most people bowing and curtsying¡ªthough she also noticed that one
of his hands kept fidgeting with his new golden cloak pin. He probably
missed his Endal crest as much as she missed her Ruewen one, which
was now pinned to the chain of her home crystal and tucked under her
cape.

   His patch had an opalescent border that changed colors as he
moved, and his mascot was a huge winged lizard¡ªwhich she assumed
was a dragon until she noticed the ridge of spikes down its back and
the fact that it only had two legs. She didn¡¯t know enough about
wyverns to guess why the Council chose that particular creature to
represent Wylie. But it sure made him look cool.

   Dex¡¯s mascot, on the other hand, was¡­ probably not what he
would¡¯ve chosen. If it weren¡¯t for the two tiny eyes stitched onto the
round, fluffy silhouette in the center of his green-bordered patch,
Sophie wouldn¡¯t have even known it was a tomple. But the dust-eating
poofball actually did seem like a good fit for Dex once she thought a
little more about it. Tomples weren¡¯t just adorable¡ªthey were useful.
And even though they might look cuddly, they also had six spindly
insect legs hidden under all their fur and could cause plenty of chaos.

   And while Dex¡¯s makeover wasn¡¯t the hilarious Emo-tasticness that
Sophie had been wishing for, his hair had been styled with a cute little
swoop in the front that really suited his features, and his new silver
cloak made his shoulders look extra broad. His glowing circlet also
gave his periwinkle eyes a proud twinkle, and Sophie wished she could
be there to see the joy on his parents¡¯ faces when he walked through
the door to Rimeshire in his new finery and explained his
appointment. She¡¯d known Dex was special from the minute she¡¯d met
him¡ªand his family had always believed in him. But now everyone was
going to see him as Lord Dex¡ªa handsome, important Regent, and a
member of Team Still-Needs-a-Better-Name.

   And then there was Biana¡ªproof that some people were born for
moments like these. Now that she had a circlet, Sophie already
couldn¡¯t imagine Biana without it. And the look in Biana¡¯s eyes
seemed to say, I¡¯ve just made my own Vacker legacy, and I can¡¯t wait to
show you what I¡¯m going to do with it.

   Her overall style was more muted than normal¡ªneutral tones on
her eyes, cheeks, and lips, with her hair pulled back into a simple knot
at the base of her neck. And yet somehow that made her even more
striking. The Council had chosen a kelpie for Biana¡¯s mascot, and
while Sophie¡ªonce again¡ªdidn¡¯t know much about the creature, she
did know that kelpies were beautiful and elusive and a tiny bit sparkly.
So it seemed like an excellent decision.

   And when she noticed that Biana¡¯s patch was bordered in purple,
she realized that each of their patches¡¯ colors matched the colors of
their spotlights¡ªwhich made her wonder if the Council had somehow
known that her spotlight would be Inflictor red before she¡¯d gotten
there, or if their gnomes had set to work as soon as she stepped foot in
the Seat of Eminence. She also realized that the jewels in the centers of
their circlets were color-coordinated to their spotlights¡ªruby for her,
pink tourmaline for Stina, opal for Wylie, emerald for Dex, and
amethyst for Biana.

   The Council had truly thought of everything. And Sophie had been
so busy studying her friends that she¡¯d forgotten they weren¡¯t the only
ones who¡¯d been waiting for her¡ªuntil Grady lifted her into a
crushing hug, spinning her around a couple of times before he set her
down and leaned back to study her.

   His eyes took in every detail of all her new accessories, lingering the
longest on her cape¡¯s patch.

   ¡°Apparently I¡¯m not just a moonlark anymore,¡± Sophie told him, too
embarrassed to share the Council¡¯s reasons for choosing her mascot
while the rest of her friends were close enough to hear.

   ¡°I guess not,¡± Grady agreed, his voice thoroughly choked up. ¡°You
okay with that?¡±

   The best answer she could give him was, ¡°We¡¯ll see.¡±
   He pulled her back into a hug. ¡°How are you really holding up?¡± he
whispered in her ear. ¡°I know this must be a lot.¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± she whispered back. ¡°But¡­ I think you were right. It¡¯s time
to take this step. We¡¯re going to need all the allies we can get to stop
the Neverseen.¡±
   He hugged her tighter. ¡°I¡¯m so proud of you, kiddo. Wait¡ªcan I
even call you ¡®kiddo¡¯ anymore? You look so grown up.¡±
   ¡°There¡¯s always Lady Kiddo,¡± Dex suggested, striding up beside
them and earning a chuckle from Grady. ¡°Or you could join the cool
kids and call her Lady Fos-Boss.¡±
   Grady¡¯s eyebrows shot up.
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°Don¡¯t ask¡ªand that¡¯s not happening.¡±
   ¡°It so is,¡± Dex insisted. Then his dimpled grin faded, and he reached
up to adjust his circlet. ¡°All of this is really happening, huh?¡±

   Sophie nodded.
   And as she listened to Sandor lecturing the Councillors for taking
his charge into space without his protection, and to Biana telling Della
all about her light leap with the Sources, and to Tiergan quietly
assuring Wylie that he was so incredibly proud of him¡ªeven to Vika
promising Stina that she was sure to be the most famous of all the
Hekses¡ªshe was hit with the rare sense that for that one moment,
things were exactly the way they ought to be.
   They had a ton of work and drama and problems ahead¡ªand
probably lots of bickering and almost dying. But they¡¯d deal with all of
it, because they all had one thing in common.
   ¡°I know what our team name needs to be,¡± she realized, having to
repeat the words louder for everyone to catch them.
   ¡°Oh yeah?¡± Dex asked. ¡°Hit us with it, Lady Fos-Boss.¡±
   Sophie sighed. ¡°Seriously, that¡¯s not my name.¡±
   ¡°Keep telling yourself that,¡± Dex, Wylie, Biana, and Stina all said in
unison, because of course the first thing they¡¯d all agree on would be
the need to continue annoying her.
   But she¡¯d deal with her title issues later.
   For now, she turned to the twelve Councillors and told them. ¡°You
wanted something respectable. And we wanted something that fits
who we are¡ª¡±
   ¡°And something that isn¡¯t an epic fail,¡± Dex jumped in, earning
himself glares from all of the Councillors. ¡°I¡¯m still particularly fond of
¡®Team Dex-Is-the-Greatest.¡¯¡±
   Sophie cleared her throat, giving Dex a please-not-now look. ¡°So I
think,¡± she continued, ¡°we should be Team Valiant. It sounds official.
It means brave and heroic. And if we want, we can always shorten it to
Team V.¡±

   Silence followed, long enough that Sophie started to worry she¡¯d
gotten it wrong.

   Then Dex applauded.
   A slow clap¡ªbut still genuine.
   And when Biana, Wylie, and¡ªreluctantly¡ªStina joined in, Team
Valiant was officially born.
   Biana even made sure to repeat the name a little louder than
necessary as they stood on the steps outside the Seat of Eminence,
making plans to head home for the night and meet up the next day to
discuss all the huge problems they needed to start tackling.
   They pretended not to notice the elves that had stopped to stare¡ª
exactly the way the Council had hoped that people would. But Sophie
could already hear the whispers starting.
   ¡°Is that Sophie Foster?¡±
   ¡°And Dex Dizznee?¡±
   ¡°And Biana Vacker?¡±
   ¡°And Wylie Endal?¡±
   ¡°And Stina Heks?¡±
   ¡°It looks like they¡¯re part of the nobility!¡±
   ¡°They can¡¯t be!¡±
   ¡°But they¡¯re wearing circlets.¡±
   ¡°And what¡¯s that symbol on their pins?¡±
   ¡°One of them said something about a team¡ªwhat do you think it
means?¡±
   Sophie held her breath, waiting to hear the answer.
   And it made her heart swell, even if it also made her stomach extra
twisty and sour.
   ¡°Looks like the Council¡¯s finally doing something.¡±
                     TEN

WHOA, EDALINE WASN¡¯T KIDDING about the whole ¡®Lady Sophie¡¯

thing,¡± Keefe murmured, making Sophie jump¡ªand then reel on
Sandor for not giving her a heads-up that she had people waiting for
her in her bedroom.

   Sandor shrugged. Clearly he was still annoyed with her for leaving
the planet without him¡ªas if the edge of the earth¡¯s atmosphere was
somehow the perfect spot for a Neverseen ambush.

   Then again, Bo hadn¡¯t warned her about her visitors either.
   His white-knuckle grip on his sword¡ªand the satisfied smirk on
Ro¡¯s face¡ªprobably had something to do with that.
   And Edaline must¡¯ve gotten sidetracked by all the hugging and
crying and asking fifty thousand questions and forgotten to mention
that there were a smirking boy and an ogre princess waiting upstairs.
   All Sophie knew was, she was going to yell at all of them later,
because now she had to face a Keefe-and-Ro Inquisition while still
wearing a crown.
   Sandor and Bo were wise enough to wait in the hall.
   Keefe whistled as he crossed her flowered carpet and made a slow
circle around her. And Sophie braced for a record-breaking amount of
teasing. But his voice actually sounded serious when he asked, ¡°Sorry,
was I supposed to bow?¡±
   ¡°If you had, I would¡¯ve flung a pillow at your head,¡± she told him
with a grin he didn¡¯t return. ¡°And you can forget the Lady Sophie
thing, too.¡±
   ¡°Thank goodness,¡± Ro said, dropping her feet from where she¡¯d had
them propped on Sophie¡¯s desk. ¡°I never would¡¯ve been able to pull
that off with a straight face. And, uh, please tell me this isn¡¯t your
permanent new wardrobe.¡±

   ¡°Parts of it are,¡± Sophie admitted, pointing to her new cloak clasp as
an example. ¡°But I¡¯m done with the dress. And this.¡±

   She tried to yank the much-too-conspicuous circlet off of her head,
hoping the humiliating way it got tangled in her hair at least proved
that she was still the same clumsy mess she¡¯d always been.

   She knew she should probably tuck the obnoxious accessory safely
into one of the gilded chests that Grady had brought home from the
Seat of Eminence. Edaline had supposedly conjured them all into
Sophie¡¯s bathroom.

   But she didn¡¯t feel like being tidy.
   She felt like getting into normal clothes as fast as she possibly
could.
   ¡°What about that patch?¡± Ro asked, pointing to the wolf silhouette
on her cloak. ¡°What¡¯s that all about?¡±
   ¡°Long story,¡± Sophie mumbled, dumping the circlet on her bed and
stumbling into her closet to ditch her cloak, gown, and heels.
   ¡°I like stories,¡± Ro called after her. ¡°Unless it involves a lot of
speeches about how you elves get to boss everyone around because you
think you¡¯re so pretty and powerful and sparkly. Then we can skip that
snorefest.¡±
   Sophie pulled on a pair of leggings and called back, ¡°There was
definitely some of that going on. And a lot of talk about the differences
between sunlight, starlight, and moonlight.¡±
   Ro started making very loud snoring sounds.
   ¡°You would¡¯ve enjoyed all the horrible team name suggestions that
Dex and Biana kept bugging the Council with, though,¡± Sophie
shouted over the abundance of snorts and gurgles. If that was what Ro
actually sounded like when she slept, poor Keefe probably had to sleep
with a pillow over his head. ¡°I thought Emery was going to exile them
at one point.¡±

   ¡°Okay, now I¡¯m interested,¡± Ro informed her. ¡°And let¡¯s hope Team
Fancypants was the winner. Because I can almost forgive you for
wearing all of those sparkly accessories if that¡¯s what you¡¯re making
your stuffy Councillors call you.¡±

   ¡°Wait,¡± Keefe said, before Sophie could respond. ¡°Dex and Biana
were there?¡±

   Sophie nodded, then realized he couldn¡¯t see her. Which actually
made it a little easier to tell him. ¡°Yeah. And Wylie. And Stina. I guess
the Council decided I¡¯m way more successful when I have backup¡ª
and they¡¯re not wrong. But I¡¯m still trying not to be insulted that they
built this whole team because I¡¯m useless alone. Oh¡ªand you¡¯ll love
this. They wanted to name us Team Prodigious.¡±

   ¡°Wow,¡± Ro said. ¡°You guys shut that down, right?¡±
   ¡°First thing we did,¡± Sophie agreed, pulling on a blissfully boring
gray tunic and wishing all clothes could be so unassuming. ¡°The
Council was not happy about it.¡±
   She waited for Keefe to make his own team name suggestions, but
he stayed noticeably silent. And when she made her way back to her
bedroom, she found him turned away, fussing with the sleeves of his
embroidered gray tunic as he stared out her wall of windows.
   ¡°Everything okay?¡± she asked.
   ¡°Pretty sure he¡¯s pouting,¡± Ro told her.
   ¡°I¡¯m not pouting,¡± Keefe argued¡ªin a tone that definitely sounded
pouty. ¡°I just love how it took you less than a day after your little chat
with Bangs Boy to cut me out of everything.¡±
   ¡°Hey, I had no say in this!¡± Sophie reminded him. ¡°If I got to pick
the team, do you really think Stina Heks would be on it?¡±

   ¡°Probably not¡ªbut that doesn¡¯t mean you would¡¯ve included me,¡±
he countered.

   Sophie sighed. ¡°I won¡¯t lie, if the Council had wanted you involved
in all of this¡­ yeah, I would¡¯ve made Ro keep you away. Because this is
exactly the kind of thing that Tam was warning us about. And I think
it¡¯s more important for you to be focusing on your memories, anyway.
But, if it makes you feel any better, your name did come up. Dex
actually pushed for you to be swapped in, instead of Stina¡ªand even
Grady agreed that you would¡¯ve been the better choice for the ¡®team¡¯s
Empath.¡¯¡±

   ¡°He did?¡± Keefe asked, perking up a little as he glanced at her over
his shoulder. But his smile faded just as fast. ¡°The Council shot them
down because of my mom, huh?¡±

   There was no point denying it.
   ¡°Would you have honestly wanted to swear an oath to the Council?¡±
she asked instead. ¡°Doesn¡¯t seem like your kind of thing.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s not,¡± Keefe agreed. ¡°I just didn¡¯t realize it was your kind of
thing either.¡±
   ¡°Honestly? Neither did I.¡± She made her way closer, watching the
ocean shimmer with glints of pink and orange from the sunset. ¡°But¡­
it sounds like we¡¯re going to need the Council¡¯s help to deal with King
Enki as we try to figure out what the Neverseen are planning in
Loamnore. And if Mr. Forkle¡¯s right that the Neverseen are also trying
to turn the public against the Councillors, then it¡¯s probably pretty
important for us to be allies. So¡­ I¡¯m giving it a try. But it¡¯s also good
that they left some of our group out. That way you, Fitz, and Linh will
have a clearer perspective and can let us know if it seems like we¡¯re
getting sucked into anything weird. And you can look into anything
we don¡¯t want the Council knowing about. Well¡­ Fitz and Linh can do
that last part. You can focus on your memories¡ªand staying safe.¡±

   ¡°Great,¡± Keefe muttered.
   ¡°Hang on!¡± Ro said, stomping over to join them by the windows.
¡°Did you just say that Pretty Boy¡¯s not a part of this?¡± Her mouth fell
open when Sophie nodded. ¡°But¡­ aren¡¯t you two, like, a package deal?
Team Obnoxious-Telepaths?¡±
   ¡°We usually are,¡± Sophie agreed, ignoring the ¡°obnoxious¡± part of
that nickname. ¡°But the Council wants to separate us. They think I
rely too much on my telepathy and am not taking full advantage of my
other abilities. So they want me to work on stuff without Fitz and see if
it helps me widen my focus.¡±
   Ro blinked. ¡°Wow! Okay¡ªI officially take back every bad thing I¡¯ve
ever said about your Councillors! They¡¯re my heroes! All hail the
sparkle-fied twelve for breaking up the Great Fitzphie!¡±
   ¡°They didn¡¯t break us up,¡± Sophie argued, her face burning when
she realized how that sounded. ¡°They just thought it was worth seeing
what happens if we don¡¯t work as closely as often¡ªand they promised
they¡¯d let Fitz join the team if it turns out I need him.¡±
   ¡°You won¡¯t,¡± Ro assured her. ¡°Right, Hunkyhair?¡±
   She elbowed Keefe, who¡¯d gone back to staring at the ocean.
   ¡°Come on, Captain Sulky,¡± Ro said, elbowing him harder. ¡°There¡¯s
really nothing you want to say?¡±
   ¡°Nope.¡± He scooted away before Ro could elbow him again, earning
himself an epic ogre eye roll.
   And he looked so miserable¡ªso un-Keefe¡ªthat Sophie decided she
was willing to sacrifice herself on the altar of humiliation if it got him
out of his funk.
   ¡°You know what Dex has everyone calling me now?¡± she asked.
¡°I¡¯m sure you¡¯d be proud of him.¡±
   ¡°The Mysterious Lady F?¡± Ro guessed.
   ¡°Ugh, I wish. Nope, it¡¯s¡­ Lady Fos-Boss.¡±
   The confession was almost worth it when Keefe couldn¡¯t help giving
her a quick smirk.
   ¡°I knew I liked that boy,¡± Ro announced. ¡°In fact, I even tried out
one of his little tricks¡ªsee?¡±
   She pointed to Sophie¡¯s desk, and it took Sophie a second to figure
out what she meant.
   ¡°You changed Iggy¡¯s color?¡± she asked, heading over to his cage,
where, sure enough, the tiny imp had yet another new look. His neatly
trimmed, gold, sparkly fur was now a much poofier ice blue with tiny
crimps.
   ¡°Huh, I figured he¡¯d be pink and purple,¡± Sophie admitted, pointing
to Ro¡¯s colorful pigtails.
   Ro tossed her head, swishing her hair in the process. ¡°Uh, no, I¡¯m
not sharing my fabulous style with anyone¡ªmuch less a creature who
spent the last hour eating his own toenails. But I thought it was only
right to save your imp from being sparkle-fied¡ªand I was going to be
nice and turn him your favorite color. But apparently your favorite
color is teal¡ªand yeah, yeah, we all know why. But, um, do you realize
how many of the nastiest little microbes are that color?¡± She
shuddered. ¡°I couldn¡¯t do that to you¡ªor the little dude. So I went
with a nice ice blue. The kind of color you can¡¯t help but love. Classic.
Reliable¡ª¡±
   ¡°We get it,¡± Keefe interrupted. ¡°Iggy¡¯s blue. Good job. Can we
please talk about anything else?¡±
   ¡°Okay,¡± Sophie said, slipping her fingers through the bars of Iggy¡¯s
cage and scratching his fuzzy cheeks until the room was filled with the
sound of his squeaky purr. ¡°How about you tell us what¡¯s wrong?¡±
   ¡°Nothing¡¯s wrong,¡± Keefe insisted.
   ¡°Then why are you being Lord Grumpypants?¡± She¡¯d hoped the
tease would snap him out of it, but he just went back to fidgeting with
his sleeves. ¡°Come on, Keefe. Something¡¯s clearly up. You haven¡¯t even
made any Lady Fos-Boss jokes yet.¡±

   ¡°Or Team Prodigious jokes,¡± Ro added.
   He shrugged. ¡°They¡¯re not my jokes to make. I¡¯m not part of the
team.¡±
   ¡°And that bothers you?¡± Sophie guessed. ¡°No, don¡¯t shrug again¡ª
I¡¯m serious.¡± She stepped closer, forcing him to look at her. ¡°You know
it doesn¡¯t change anything, right?¡±
   ¡°Well, I mean, it kinda does,¡± he corrected. ¡°You¡¯re in the nobility
now. You have a crown! And Councillors to report to! And I have¡­ a
bunch of mostly empty notebooks.¡±
   ¡°They won¡¯t stay empty,¡± Sophie assured him. ¡°And the more you
fill them, the more valuable they¡¯re going to be.¡±
   He didn¡¯t look convinced.
   ¡°So you never told us,¡± Ro said, filling the tense silence. ¡°What team
name did you go with? Team Awesomesauce?¡±
   ¡°Dex campaigned pretty hard for that,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°And
Biana tried for Team Sparkles a couple of different times. But I sold
them on Team Valiant¡ªand I know it¡¯s not super clever or exciting.
But the Council said they¡¯d only approve something respectable.¡±
   ¡°Respectable,¡± Ro scoffed. ¡°That¡¯s always the problem with you
elves. You like to be so dignified and diplomatic. This is war! If you want
to send a message to your enemies, you form Team Ruthless. Or Team
Bloodbath¡ªthough I guess you also don¡¯t put a bunch of scrawny kids
in Team Bloodbath.¡±
   ¡°No, you don¡¯t,¡± Sophie agreed.
   She honestly would¡¯ve rather been Team Prodigious.
   ¡°But then what¡¯s the story behind the wolf patch?¡± Ro asked. ¡°I¡¯m
not gonna lie, I¡¯m hoping it¡¯s because Team Valiant has a howl-y battle
cry.¡±

   Sophie had to disappoint her again.
   And as she explained the Council¡¯s reasons for choosing her new
mascot, she couldn¡¯t remember why the dire wolf had felt so cool or
empowering.
   ¡°Hey,¡± Keefe said, fanning the air as her mood plummeted, ¡°don¡¯t
let us ruin this for you, Foster. It¡¯s a big deal. I¡¯m sorry I¡¯ve been
grumpy. I was just surprised, is all. And I was up way too late, so I
think I¡¯m tired.¡±
   ¡°Were you drawing more of your memories?¡± she asked, grateful for
the subject change¡ªand the apology.
   ¡°I did a few. Nothing important. But¡­ I was mostly working on
something else. That¡¯s why I stopped by¡ªbut¡­ maybe it¡¯s not a good
time. You¡¯ve had a crazy day and¡ª¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s about my biological parents, isn¡¯t it?¡± Sophie interrupted.
   Her heart felt like someone tied it to a massive anchor as he reached
into a pocket hidden in his tunic and pulled out the blue notebook
they¡¯d started their planning in the day before.
   ¡°Wow, that¡¯s even more dread than I felt yesterday,¡± he mumbled,
fanning her emotions away. ¡°Are you sure you want to keep looking
into this?¡±
   ¡°Honestly, I have no idea what to do,¡± she admitted. ¡°Bronte gave
me this whole long lecture on why I shouldn¡¯t find out who my genetic
parents are, and it kinda got in my head.¡±
   Keefe stood up straighter. ¡°Does that mean you told the Council
you¡¯re unmatchable?¡±
   ¡°Only Bronte and Oralie.¡± She made her way over to her bed and
sank onto the edge. ¡°I wasn¡¯t planning on saying anything. But I kinda
freaked out when they were crowning me¡ªstarted imagining giant
crowds of elves chasing me through the Lost Cities with torches and
pitchforks, shouting, ¡®Burn the unmatchable girl!¡¯ And I figured it¡¯d be
less humiliating to risk losing the title now, before anyone even knows
it was an option.¡±

   ¡°And Bronte freaked out?¡± Keefe assumed.
   ¡°Of course he did¡ªbut¡­ not the way I¡¯m sure you¡¯re thinking. He
was actually strangely awesome about the unmatchable part.¡±
   Ro snorted.
   ¡°No, really. I mean, he didn¡¯t offer to order the matchmakers to
make my lists even without having my genetic parents¡¯ info or
anything¡ªand of course he brought up the whole ¡®it¡¯s not a problem if
you just stay single forever¡¯ argument. But¡­ he also said the Council
would stand by me if people made a fuss about it. And it kinda
sounded like he meant it.¡± She picked up the circlet she¡¯d tossed aside
earlier, tracing her fingers over the symbol for her new team. ¡°It¡¯s a
little hard to believe him, but¡­ I don¡¯t know. I kinda do.¡±
   ¡°I can feel that,¡± Keefe said, sitting down beside her. ¡°So why all the
extra dread?¡±
   ¡°Because he also brought up something I hadn¡¯t thought of before,
and now I¡¯m not sure what to do about it.¡± She stared at her reflection
in her circlet¡¯s ruby, feeling just as fragmented as she repeated
Bronte¡¯s warnings about what the Black Swan might do to protect
their secrets.
   And she¡¯d expected Keefe to agree that they truly were valid
concerns¡ªor to at least need some time to think about it.
   But he was already shaking his head before she¡¯d even finished.
¡°Nah, I don¡¯t buy it. For one thing, it¡¯s not like the Black Swan did the
memory break on Prentice. That was all on the Council. They kept
pushing and pushing and pushing, no matter the consequences¡ªand
that¡¯s totally different than the kind of digging you¡¯re doing. I¡¯m pretty
sure you¡¯d never shatter anyone¡¯s sanity to find out what you want to
know.¡±

   ¡°I wouldn¡¯t. But it doesn¡¯t have to be as drastic as a memory break
for someone to get hurt. And that¡¯s what makes this so hard. Because
if you really think about it, I¡¯m the only one who¡¯ll get any benefit out
of finding my biological parents. Everyone else gets a ton of drama.
And there really is a chance that the Black Swan might try to stop me,
so who knows what kinds of problems that might cause? And if I¡¯m
aware of all of those risks, and I still search out my genetic parents
anyway, I¡¯m¡­ being selfish, aren¡¯t I?¡±

   ¡°Maybe,¡± he admitted. ¡°But¡­ you¡¯re allowed to be a little selfish
sometimes. And it¡¯s not like you aren¡¯t making huge sacrifices too.¡±

   ¡°I know. But if something really bad happens because of this, that¡¯s
gonna be pretty hard to live with.¡± She set her circlet gently on her
nightstand and tugged out an itchy eyelash. ¡°I just wish I knew why the
Black Swan won¡¯t tell me who my genetic parents are, you know? I¡¯m
not trying to gamble with people¡¯s lives, but I¡¯d like to not have mine
get totally messed up either¡ªespecially without even understanding
what¡¯s really at stake.¡±

   ¡°I get that,¡± Keefe said quietly, ¡°and¡­ I actually have a theory about
why the Black Swan won¡¯t tell you¡ªand it might even explain why
Bronte got so pushy with you today.¡±

   ¡°Okay,¡± Sophie said when he didn¡¯t continue. ¡°Are you going to tell
me?¡±

   ¡°I can. But¡­ you¡¯re not going to like it.¡±
   ¡°What else is new?¡± Sophie scooted back farther on her bed,
deciding she might as well be surrounded by fluffy pillows if she had to
get hit with bad news. She grabbed Ella, too, burying her face between
her floppy ears. ¡°Okay, what is it?¡±
   Keefe stood up to pace, passing her enough times to seriously ramp
up her anxiety.

   ¡°You¡¯re making me wonder if suspense can actually kill me,¡± she
warned.

   ¡°Sorry. I¡¯m just trying to figure out how to do this without freaking
you out like I did yesterday. Actually, wait.¡±

   He hurried back to her bed and nestled into the pillows beside her,
setting the blue notebook in his lap and pointing to her hand. ¡°Turn
your enhancing restrictors off. That way I can calm you down if you
need me to.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s really that bad?¡± Sophie asked, tapping her thumbs and
forefingers the way Tinker had shown her.

   ¡°I guess we¡¯ll find out.¡± Keefe placed one of his hands near hers¡ª
without touching¡ªand drummed his fingers against the front of the
blue notebook with the other. ¡°So¡­ yesterday, I said I didn¡¯t think your
genetic parents would be people you know, because it would be too
hard for them to pretend around you¡ªand I might still be right about
that. But. As I started trying to make lists of possible DNA donors, I
realized the biggest clues we have are your abilities. I mean, yeah, it¡¯s
not always that telepathic parents have telepathic kids or whatever.
Sometimes genetics decide to get funky and do their own thing. But it
also happens consistently enough that it¡¯s safe to assume your
biological parents have at least some of your abilities. Do you see
where I¡¯m going with this?¡±

   ¡°Sorta,¡± Sophie said. ¡°I¡¯ve always assumed one of my parents must
be a Telepath.¡±

   ¡°That¡¯s where I started out focusing too, since your telepathy is so
strong, and it seemed fundamental to the Black Swan¡¯s plans for you.
But then I remembered that one of the few things we know for sure is
that Mr. Forkle wanted you to be able to heal broken minds, since he
knew there was a chance that could happen to some of the order. And
to be able to do that, you need two abilities, right? Telepathy and¡­¡±

   ¡°Inflicting,¡± Sophie finished slowly.
   He tapped the notebook harder. ¡°Yeah¡­ so I started thinking about
how rare inflicting is.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s insides scrunched together.
   He was right¡ªshe wasn¡¯t going to like this.
   ¡°There¡¯s only one other registered Inflictor,¡± she mumbled.
   ¡°I know.¡± Keefe scooted his hand even closer to hers¡ªbut still not
quite touching. ¡°And it¡¯s someone whose whole life would be turned
upside down if people found out he had a child. In fact, the news
would pretty much turn everything upside down¡ªat least for a little
while. And it happens to be the same person who just gave you a big
speech trying to convince you not to look into your genetic parents¡ª
even promising that the Council would stand beside you being
unmatchable if it came to that. He basically said anything he could to
get you to leave it alone.¡±
   He stopped there, giving her a chance to leave the rest unspoken.
   But there was no point hiding from it.
   She reached for his hand, focusing on the soft blue breeze that
rushed into her mind as she whispered, ¡°You think Councillor Bronte
is my biological father.¡±
                  ELEVEN

WE DON¡¯T KNOW ANYTHING FOR certain,¡± Keefe reminded Sophie as

she tightened her grip on his hand.
   And she tried to believe him¡ªtried to focus on the soothing

colorful breezes he kept sending into her mind.
   But her head was spinning in fifteen different directions. And the

only thought that seemed to stick through all the chaos was: Seriously?
   Out of all the people the Black Swan could¡¯ve picked to be her

biological father, they chose Councillor Bronte?
   ¡°It¡¯s just a theory,¡± Keefe insisted.
   ¡°But it makes sense!¡± She honestly couldn¡¯t believe she¡¯d never

suspected him before¡ªand not just because of the Inflictor thing.
   Maybe this was why Bronte had been so hard on her when she¡¯d first

met him.
   Mr. Forkle had already admitted that the Black Swan had been

forced to bring her to the Lost Cities earlier than they¡¯d originally
planned, because the Neverseen were getting too close to finding her.
So what if Bronte had been trying to get her exiled because he wasn¡¯t
ready to deal with the fallout if people figured out that she was his
daughter?

   And what if he¡¯d stepped up the meanness even more after she¡¯d
manifested as an Inflictor, because he thought it would keep people
from suspecting any connection between them?

   And maybe the reason he¡¯d been so cruel when her abilities were
¡°malfunctioning¡± was because he¡¯d taken such a huge risk in order to
make her an Inflictor¡ªand then it was looking like it had all been for
nothing.

   None of that excused the awful things he¡¯d said and done to her, of
course¡ªbut she wasn¡¯t trying to decide if Bronte was a good guy.

   She was trying to decide if he was her biological father.
   And¡­ he had to be¡ªdidn¡¯t he?
   It even explained why he¡¯d started being nicer once her abilities had
been healed. Then Project Moonlark was back on track, and enough
time had passed that he could relax a little without people suspecting
him of anything.
   Who knew? Maybe he¡¯d even felt a little bad for treating his
biological daughter so coldly¡ªthough that sounded mostly like
wishful thinking.
   ¡°I¡­ don¡¯t know what to do with this information,¡± Sophie admitted,
rubbing her left temple as she pictured Bronte¡¯s face, trying to see
herself in his sharp features.
   She ended up with a mental image of herself with piercing blue eyes
and huge, pointy ears¡ªand a laugh bubbled up even as tears welled
and her hands curled into fists, legs itching to run, hide¡ª
   ¡°Easy there, Foster,¡± Keefe said, sending her more calming mental
breezes.
   The soft rushes of color whisked across her consciousness, soothing
any raw nerves.
   But for every wave of panic that Keefe¡¯s winds were able to ease,
there was another stronger surge ready in its wake.
   ¡°I get it¡ªthis is huge,¡± he told her, pulling her out of her pillow
nest and spinning her to face him better. ¡°But try to remember that
even if it is true¡ªand we don¡¯t know if it is¡ªit¡¯s also not bad.¡±
   ¡°How can you say that?¡±
   ¡°Well¡­¡± He dragged his free hand down his face. ¡°For one thing¡­
Bronte¡¯s not a murderer. Or part of the Neverseen¡ªand I¡¯m not saying
that to compare your life to mine¡ª¡±

   ¡°I know,¡± Sophie assured him, squeezing his hand as tightly as she
clung to the reminder.

   Some of Bronte¡¯s behavior over the last few years had strayed pretty
close to ¡°villain territory.¡±

   But he wasn¡¯t a villain.
   In fact, if he really had been part of Project Moonlark, that
technically made him even more solidly one of the good guys.
   Plus, she¡¯d already known that she was going to hate the people
who¡¯d donated their DNA to the Black Swan and then abandoned her
¡ªespecially if they¡¯d been lying to her ever since she¡¯d gotten to the
Lost Cities.
   But¡­ maybe that was why this revelation stung like lemon juice in
an open wound.
   She¡¯d actually been starting to like Bronte as a person¡ªstarting to
trust him as an ally. She¡¯d even been glad that he was one of her points
of contact on the Council.
   And now?
   ¡°How am I supposed to work with him?¡± she whispered, trying to
focus on the most important question¡ªbecause this was so much
bigger than her personal drama.
   She¡¯d become a Regent to be able to tackle the problems with Tam,
the dwarves, and the Neverseen¡ªand if this got in the way¡­
   ¡°Bronte can¡¯t know that I know,¡± she realized.
   ¡°Why?¡± Keefe wondered. ¡°Isn¡¯t that why we were doing this?¡±
   She pulled her hand free and scooted back as far as she could, trying
to save Keefe from the nausea clawing up her throat. ¡°It was, but¡­ I
didn¡¯t really have a plan for what I¡¯d do if we actually found either of
my genetic parents¡ªand I never thought we¡¯d learn something like
this. It¡¯s like you said: If anyone finds out Bronte¡¯s my biological father,
it would turn our world upside down. He¡¯d have to resign as a
Councillor. And there¡¯d have to be another election¡ªright when the
Neverseen are trying so hard to destroy the Council¡¯s authority. And
all of that will take up time we should be using to figure out how to
protect Loamnore or how to get Tam away from your mom. That¡¯s why
Mr. Forkle wanted me to let this go¡ªand why Bronte did too. If I
don¡¯t, it¡¯s going to make an enormous mess of everything.¡±

   ¡°Okaaaaaaay,¡± Keefe said, dragging out the word. ¡°But if you never
tell anyone¡­¡±

   He stopped before the part she was trying so hard not to think
about. But they both knew what he wasn¡¯t saying.

   If she never told anyone who her biological father was¡­ she¡¯d be
unmatchable forever.

   ¡°I know,¡± she whispered. ¡°But¡­ what can I do?¡±
   Keefe had no answer.
   And she hated the Black Swan so much in that moment¡ªmore than
she¡¯d ever hated them before. There was no way they didn¡¯t know what
would happen if they used a Councillor for Project Moonlark. And
clearly they didn¡¯t care. Giving her a chance at a normal, happy life
didn¡¯t matter, as long as she was able to inflict pain on people¡ªan
ability that didn¡¯t even work very well.
   The Neverseen had special headpieces to block her, and her lack of
control always took out more good guys than bad guys.
   A tiny, rational part of her knew that her inflicting was also the only
reason Alden was awake and functioning¡ªand Prentice, too. But her
anger at the moment was so much stronger.
   ¡°Hey,¡± Keefe said, reaching out like he was going to hug her¡ªthen
stopping at the last second and patting her awkwardly on the shoulder.
¡°It doesn¡¯t matter, okay? Like I said yesterday, no one¡¯s going to care
about your matchmaking status¡ªor no one who matters, anyway. And
now you even have the Council promising to back you up if there¡¯s any
drama.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, because Bronte wants to keep his job,¡± she grumbled. ¡°And
he¡¯s clearly hoping I¡¯ll make it easy on everyone and just stay single
forever¡ªlike him. Ugh, that¡¯s probably why he thinks it¡¯s no big deal
to expect that!¡±

   Same with Mr. Forkle, actually.
   She punched one of her pillows, but it wasn¡¯t nearly satisfying
enough. She needed something more destructive, so she twisted and
tugged and clawed at the silky fabric, hoping for a dramatic rip and a
spray of feathers.
   But pillows were a whole lot tougher than she realized they could
be.
   Keefe gave her another reassuring shoulder pat¡ªbut when she
flung the pillow aside and buried her face in her hands, she heard him
growl something that sounded like ¡°screw it.¡± Then his arms wrapped
around her and she sank into the hug, not realizing she was crying
until she felt her tears soak into his tunic.
   ¡°All right, Foster,¡± he murmured into her hair. ¡°I think we¡¯re
getting way ahead of ourselves here. So let¡¯s back it up and try to focus
on the facts for a second, okay?¡± He waited for her to nod against his
shoulder before he said, ¡°Okay, fact number one: We have absolutely
no idea if Bronte is actually your biological father. I mean, yeah, it¡¯s a
solid theory. But it definitely could be wrong¡ªjust like you were wrong
about Forkle, Kenric, and Jolie. So try to let go of all those nightmare
scenarios I¡¯m sure you¡¯re imagining right now¡ªat least until we have
actual proof. Which brings me to fact number two: We need to prove
whether or not this is true. And thankfully, it shouldn¡¯t be hard to do.
We just need to get you, me, and Bronte in a room. Then I¡¯ll grab his
hands while you ask if he¡¯s your father¡ªand boom. My mad Empath
skills will get you your answer.¡±

   ¡°But¡­ then he¡¯ll know I know,¡± Sophie reminded him. ¡°And if he is
my father¡ª¡±

   ¡°Then at least you guys will understand each other,¡± he supplied for
her. ¡°And let¡¯s face it¡ªit¡¯s not like you¡¯re going to be able to hide this.
Every time you look at him, you¡¯ll be a puddle of panic and rage. It¡¯s
better to get it out there, find out the truth, and then figure out where
you go from there.¡±

   Sophie sighed. ¡°I guess you¡¯re right.¡±
   ¡°Of course I am¡ªhow many times do I have to tell you I¡¯m a genius
before you start believing me?¡± He laughed, and Sophie could feel the
soft vibration where her cheek was pressed against his chest. ¡°Anyway,
back to my brilliant facts¡ªand moving on to number three! Once you
confront Bronte¡ª¡±
   ¡°Hopefully in a super-dramatic way,¡± Ro cut in, making Sophie and
Keefe both jump so hard that Sophie¡¯s forehead crashed into Keefe¡¯s
chin.
   ¡°Forgot you weren¡¯t alone?¡± Ro asked, raising her eyebrows as
Keefe pulled away from the hug.
   Sophie totally had.
   And Ro wasn¡¯t the only eavesdropper she should¡¯ve been thinking
about.
   ¡°Whatever you¡¯ve heard,¡± she called to Sandor and Bo, and maybe
Flori, if she was back from her patrols, ¡°it¡¯s¡ª¡±
   ¡°Not to be repeated,¡± Sandor finished for her, leaning his head
through the doorway. ¡°Yes, I know. Have I ever given you any reason
to doubt my respect for your privacy?¡±
   ¡°No. But this is way bigger than anything I¡¯ve asked you to keep
secret before,¡± she felt the need to point out.

   ¡°I¡¯m well aware of its significance¡ªand its implications. And that¡¯s
all the more reason to trust that the information is safe with me. You
also have my word that it¡¯s safe with anyone under my command.¡± The
promise was made along with a grunt that sounded like maybe Sandor
had kicked Bo to make sure he got the message. ¡°And that¡¯s true
regardless of whether your suspicions turn out to be correct. I also
agree with Mr. Sencen¡ªand you know how much it pains me to say
that. This is still only a theory¡ªthe kind of theory that absolutely must
be proven before you decide what to do with the information. And for
the record, I will be there when you confront Councillor Bronte¡ªand I
don¡¯t recommend resorting to dramatics.¡±

   ¡°Aw, come on, Gigantor!¡± Ro whined. ¡°How many times does a girl
get a chance to stomp into a room and demand to know if someone¡¯s
her daddy? Bonus points if she can squeak out a few tears¡ªand then
follow it up with a face slap!¡± She let out a wistful sigh. ¡°Should we
also take bets on what the verdict¡¯s going to be?¡±

   ¡°No bets!¡± Sandor ordered, stalking closer to Sophie and waiting for
her to make eye contact. ¡°I think it¡¯s also important that you
understand something very clearly, Miss Foster. If Bronte makes any
threats during this confrontation¡ªverbal or otherwise¡ªI will subdue
him. It won¡¯t matter that he¡¯s a Councillor and could cause diplomatic
issues for me. My job is to protect you.¡±

   Sophie tried to swallow, but a lump had lodged in her throat.
¡°Bronte wouldn¡¯t¡ª¡±

   ¡°Wouldn¡¯t he?¡± Sandor interrupted. ¡°We both know the things he¡¯s
already put you through. And if this theory is true, it¡¯s a secret he¡¯s
gone to great lengths to protect. There¡¯s no telling what he¡¯ll do if he
fears exposure. In fact, I almost wish you¡¯d go to Mr. Forkle for
confirmation instead. He can¡¯t inflict pain or threaten you with Exile.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, but he¡¯s a way better liar,¡± Keefe argued. ¡°And he won¡¯t be
nearly as caught off guard, since I¡¯m sure he already assumes Foster¡¯s
looking into this. So his reaction would be much harder for me to
gauge.¡±

   ¡°Bronte knows I¡¯m looking into this too,¡± Sophie reminded Keefe.
   ¡°Yeah, but he won¡¯t expect you to make progress this quickly. Plus,
you¡¯re supposed to check in with him all the time about your Regent
stuff anyway, right? So if you call a meeting with him, it won¡¯t seem
nearly as suspicious as it would if you demanded another Forkle chat.
The only trick will be coming up with a reason for why I¡¯m there with
you. Maybe we can say I want to make a case for joining Team
Fancypants¡ª¡±
   ¡°Team Valiant,¡± Sophie corrected.
   He smirked. ¡°Yeah, I¡¯m pretty sure I¡¯m never gonna call it that. Just
like I¡¯m pretty sure you¡¯re gonna have to get used to me calling you the
Lovely Lady F.¡±
   She tried to smile, glad he was back to his old, teasing self. But she
knew her eyes didn¡¯t sell it.
   ¡°Stick to the facts, Foster,¡± Keefe begged, taking her hand again and
sending another soft breeze into her mind. ¡°Remember, there¡¯s still a
good chance we¡¯re wrong about all of this. Genetics are weird. Look at
Dex. He¡¯s a Technopath, and his mom¡¯s a Froster, and his dad¡¯s
Talentless¡ªand no, I don¡¯t think that¡¯s because his parents were a bad
match. Marella¡¯s parents were matchmaker-approved, and neither of
them are Pyrokinetics like she is. So you and Bronte both being
Inflictors might not mean what we think it means.¡±
   ¡°Exactly,¡± Ro said. ¡°For the record, I¡¯m totally on Team Not-the-
Daddy.¡±
   ¡°You are?¡± Keefe asked.
   ¡°Yup! I¡¯ve seen the dude, remember? I mean, personally I think all
of you elves are scrawny and weird-looking¡ªbut that doesn¡¯t mean I
don¡¯t know how to tell which ones of you are technically ¡®prettier¡¯ by
your elf-y standards. And Councillor Pointy Ears? Meh. No way his
daughter could be our little blond hottie right here.¡±
   ¡°Unless she gets that from her mom,¡± Keefe reminded Ro, and part
of Sophie¡¯s brain wanted to wonder if that meant Keefe was agreeing
with Ro¡¯s ¡°blond hottie¡± assessment¡ªbut that was definitely not
something she needed to be thinking about at the moment.
   Or ever.
   ¡°I know you¡¯re trying to make me feel better,¡± she said, pausing for
a much-needed eyelash tug. ¡°But we all know what¡¯s going to happen
here. Bronte¡¯s going to confirm that he¡¯s my father. And then he¡¯s
going to beg me not to tell anyone and¡ª¡±
   ¡°And then you¡¯ll have to decide what you¡¯re going to do,¡± Keefe
jumped in. ¡°That was the third fact I was getting to, before we were so
rudely interrupted by my nosy bodyguard. You do have a choice here,
Foster. I know you think outing Bronte will cause some epic, world-
destroying scandal. And I¡¯m not saying it won¡¯t cause some temporary
chaos while he steps down and there¡¯s the election and stuff. But¡­
Bronte¡¯s not exactly winning the prize for Most Beloved Councillor,
you know? I¡¯m pretty sure most people aren¡¯t going to be sad to see
him go. And it¡¯s not like we¡¯ve never had a Councillor step aside
because they wanted to get married or have kids or whatever.¡±
   ¡°Uh, that¡¯s a little different than someone stepping aside because
they secretly donated their DNA to an illegal experiment and then lied
to everyone about it for years and years,¡± Sophie argued. ¡°Think of
how outspoken Bronte¡¯s always been about the Black Swan¡ªhow
many times he¡¯s gone after them and tried to convince everyone that
the Black Swan was the enemy. He even¡­¡±

   ¡°¡®He even¡¯ what?¡± Keefe asked when she fell very silent. ¡°And what¡¯s
with the fresh blast of panic?¡±

   He tried to send her more mental breezes, but Sophie yanked her
hand back, needing a clear head to think through this new revelation.

   This was the kind of thing she had to be really, really sure of.
   ¡°So. Remember what you said earlier about suspense killing you?¡±
Keefe asked after a couple of minutes. ¡°I think I might be getting
there.¡±
   ¡°Same,¡± Sandor and Ro agreed.
   ¡°Sorry, it¡¯s just¡­ do you realize what this means?¡± Sophie
whispered, afraid to give the words too much volume.
   ¡°Not yet, but we might, if you try actually explaining it,¡± Sandor
suggested.
   Sophie nodded, swallowing several times to pull together enough
voice to tell them. ¡°The Council was the one who ordered the memory
break on Prentice when they were looking for me. And Bronte pretty
much led that charge, didn¡¯t he?¡±
   ¡°I think so,¡± Keefe agreed slowly. ¡°I know he was definitely a big
part of it.¡±
   Sophie wrapped her arms around herself, needing that extra bit of
support. ¡°Right. So¡­ if he was also secretly part of Project Moonlark¡­
he basically forced Prentice to sacrifice himself for no reason. Or
maybe he did it for show, to cover up his own involvement? Either
way, that¡¯s¡­¡±
   There were no words for that level of ugliness.
   And she might be biologically related to someone capable of it.
   ¡°Definitely not gonna argue with the disgust you¡¯re feeling there,¡±
Keefe told her, his face scrunched like he¡¯d licked something sour. ¡°If
Bronte is your biological father, he has some serious explaining to do¡ª
but remember: That has nothing to do with you. I can give you the ¡®our
families don¡¯t decide who we are¡¯ speech again if you need me to.
Also¡­ in a weird way, this might be good news. I mean, not for
Prentice or Wylie¡ªor Alden, given how much that memory break
messed him up too. But¡­ it¡¯d mean you wouldn¡¯t have to feel bad about
outing your connection to Bronte¡ªbecause someone that heartless?
They shouldn¡¯t be a Councillor. In fact, he probably shouldn¡¯t be
anything except a prisoner in Exile. And I know you¡¯re worried that
any scandal will help the Neverseen discredit the Council¡ªbut not if
we¡¯re cleaning house. Not if we¡¯re saying, ¡®Ugh, this guy is creepy.
Let¡¯s change him out for someone we can actually trust.¡¯¡±

   ¡°I guess,¡± Sophie said¡ªthough she was pretty sure it would never
be that clear and easy. Especially since Bronte¡¯s ¡°creepy¡± decision
raised a lot of questions about the Black Swan as an organization¡ª
questions she¡¯d definitely want answered herself.

   And it would surely destroy whatever favor she¡¯d recently gained.
   But¡­ if anyone was a pro at being unpopular, it was her.
   And she¡¯d still be able to focus on the dwarves and Tam and the
Neverseen¡ªeven if they stripped away her Regent title. Biana, Dex,
Wylie, and Stina could be in charge of anything that needed to be
handled more officially, and she¡¯d work with Linh and Marella and
Fitz on everything else.
   And speaking of Fitz¡­
   She knew it was a gross, selfish thought to have after any of the
things they¡¯d been discussing. But¡­
   If Bronte really was her biological father, she actually did have a
good reason to expose him.
   And if she exposed him, she¡¯d be halfway to the solution to her
matchmaking conundrum.
   ¡°There¡¯s the hope I¡¯ve been waiting for,¡± Keefe said, grinning as he
fanned the air¡ªthough his smile looked¡­ tired. ¡°See? It¡¯s not all doom
and gloom.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s a mess,¡± Sophie insisted.
   ¡°It might be a mess,¡± he corrected. ¡°Don¡¯t forget fact one and fact
two.¡±
   Sophie nodded, not sure if it made her a terrible person to suddenly
be hoping that Bronte was her father. Life would be drama and chaos
for a while, but¡­ then it would be settled. One hurdle down.
   ¡°How soon do you think you can get me in a room with Bronte?¡±
Keefe asked.
   ¡°I¡¯ll talk to him tomorrow and see what he says,¡± she decided. ¡°I¡¯m
sure he¡¯ll let me schedule something¡ªit just might be a few days or
weeks from now. And I don¡¯t think I¡¯ll be able to push him without it
seeming weird.¡±
   ¡°Well¡­ name the date and time, and I¡¯ll be there.¡±
   ¡°Thank you,¡± Sophie told him, choking up a little.
   He shrugged. ¡°Eh, don¡¯t go giving me too much credit, Foster.
Thanks to you and Ro¡ªand Bangs Boy¡ªit¡¯s not like I have a very busy
or exciting schedule these days. It¡¯s either this, or sit at home while
Dad of the Year complains about how I should be studying or honing
my empathy instead of drawing¡ªwhich does at least give me an
excuse to doodle some very unflattering cartoons of him and hide them
around the Shores of Solace for him to find.¡±
   He flashed a particularly smug smirk, but Sophie could see the
sadness behind it.
   And it had her pulling him back into a hug.
   Keefe had so many huge family problems of his own, and yet here he
was, spending all this time helping her deal with hers¡ªafter staying
up late figuring all of this out.
   ¡°Thank you,¡± she repeated, wishing he didn¡¯t feel so tense in her
arms. ¡°I mean it, Keefe. I don¡¯t know if I¡¯d be able to get through this
without you.¡±

   ¡°Yes you could,¡± he argued, finally relaxing as he leaned into the
hug to whisper, ¡°You¡¯re Lady Foster. The Dire Wolf of Team
Fancypants. And I gotta say, you look awfully cute in a crown.¡±

   Heat burned from the top of her head to the tips of her toes¡ªand
even though she knew he was teasing, she was sure her cheeks were
blushing.

   ¡°And I know I keep saying this,¡± he added quietly, ¡°but I want to
make sure you don¡¯t forget it. No matter what happens with Bronte, or
whatever else we learn about your biological parents, or whether you
stay unmatchable or not, it¡¯s all going to be okay. I promise.¡±

   And the funny thing was, in that moment, she actually believed him
¡ªor she did right up until someone cleared their throat very loudly.

   She dropped her arms and scrambled back, bracing for a
particularly humiliating conversation with Grady. But all the blood
seemed to leave her body when she glanced toward her bedroom door.

   Because it wasn¡¯t Grady.
   And it wasn¡¯t Sandor or Bo¡ªwho she was definitely going to
murder later for not warning her that she had another visitor.
   And not just any visitor.
   Fitz.
   Her heart officially shut down on her.
   And her brain was still struggling to process how he could look so
handsome and so furious when his teal eyes met hers and his lips
parted to ask something she couldn¡¯t hear over the roaring in her head.
   It took one, two, three breaths before he repeated the question.
   ¡°You¡¯re unmatchable?¡±
                  TWELVE

HIYA, FITZY,¡± KEEFE SAID, LOOKING and sounding infinitely calmer

than Sophie was feeling as he gave Fitz a quick chin nod and stood up
to greet him¡ªthough he also shot Ro a look that said, Your punishment
for not warning us will be LEGENDARY. ¡°Didn¡¯t know you¡¯d be stopping
by.¡±

   Fitz snorted. ¡°Clearly.¡±
   Keefe smirked. ¡°Wow, someone¡¯s grumpy. Did Biana kick your butt
in bramble again? He haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaates to lose,¡± he stage-
whispered to Sophie. ¡°But I guess you probably already know that
about your boyfriend.¡±
   Sophie had a feeling he¡¯d used the last word intentionally¡ªand she
chose to not correct him for the same reason, even though the label felt
especially tenuous at the moment.
   ¡°Or is it because Biana¡¯s making you call her ¡®Lady Biana¡¯ now?¡±
Keefe asked. ¡°Your girlfriend¡¯s totally been doing the same thing, in
case you were wondering. Isn¡¯t that right, Lady Fos-Boss?¡±
   Sophie scowled. But she knew what Keefe was doing¡ªboth with the
girlfriend comment and the nickname. And even though both made
her fidgety for completely different reasons, she had to give him credit
for how casually he was changing the subject. He¡¯d almost made her
believe that nothing had happened.
   Then again¡­ nothing had happened.
   It wasn¡¯t like she couldn¡¯t be friends with Keefe¡ªor wasn¡¯t allowed
to let him help her through a hard time.
   She didn¡¯t understand why she felt so¡­ ¡°caught¡±¡ªuntil Fitz went
back to the question that her overwhelmed brain had managed to bury.

   ¡°Seriously, Sophie.¡± His accent sounded sharper than usual. ¡°What
did Keefe mean about you being unmatchable?¡±

   ¡°I¡­¡±
   She knew she needed to add a lot more words to that sentence. But
the only other sounds she seemed to be capable of making were much
closer to dying animal noises.
   ¡°It¡¯s one of those Things That Only Happen to Foster,¡± Keefe
jumped in as Sophie tried to calculate the odds of successfully flinging
a piece of furniture through one of her bedroom windows, levitating to
freedom, and teleporting to a new life¡ªmaybe with Silveny, Greyfell,
and their twin babies in a nice, peaceful meadow somewhere. ¡°You
know how it is. She always has to be all mysterious.¡±
   ¡°Actually, I don¡¯t know,¡± Fitz snapped back. ¡°But apparently you
do?¡±
   Keefe sighed, shaking his head a few times before he looked Fitz
right in the eyes. ¡°Trust me, dude. You don¡¯t want to do this.¡±
   ¡°Pretty sure I do,¡± Fitz countered. ¡°If you¡¯re trying to¡ª¡±
   ¡°How about I stop you right there?¡± Keefe interrupted, holding up
his hands. ¡°Because I know you don¡¯t want to turn a situation that¡¯s
already been super stressful for someone you care about into
something even harder for them. And we both know I¡¯m not talking
about me here.¡±
   Fitz gritted his teeth and looked away, tearing a hand through his
hair. ¡°I just want to know what¡¯s going on with my girlfriend. I didn¡¯t
realize that was a lot to ask.¡±
   His eyes darted to Sophie, and there was such betrayal in his stare
that it took her a second to realize he¡¯d just used the g word.
   It was the first time he¡¯d ever called her that, and it should¡¯ve made
her all floaty and fluttery. But the hurt in his tone filled her whole body
with something sour and slimy.

   Keefe looked pretty miserable too as he slowly backed toward her
bedroom door, giving the two of them as much space as possible.

   Or maybe getting ready to flee.
   She wouldn¡¯t have blamed him.
   This was why he¡¯d made her swear she¡¯d talk to Fitz before he
agreed to start helping her. And even though she¡¯d made that promise
less than twenty-four hours earlier¡ªand had lost most of that time to
the Regent appointment process¡ªthat didn¡¯t change the fact that she
hadn¡¯t held up her end of the bargain.
   Plus, she was the one who¡¯d chosen to hide everything from Fitz in
the first place.
   ¡°I¡¯m sorry,¡± she told both of them, glad her mouth seemed to be
regaining the ability to form recognizable words. She even managed to
hold Fitz¡¯s gaze as she added, ¡°I¡­ should¡¯ve told you sooner.¡±
   ¡°Then why didn¡¯t you?¡± he asked.
   She closed her eyes, scraping together the courage to give an honest
answer. ¡°Because¡­ once I told you, then it¡¯d be real. And I wasn¡¯t ready
to find out what would happen next. I¡¯m still not, but¡­¡±
   She forced herself to tell him everything. From the color of the gown
she¡¯d worn that day in Atlantis¡ªteal, of course¡ªto the names of her
matchmakers¡ªBrisa and Juji¡ªto how close she¡¯d come to vomiting
when she saw the ugly red letters that would define her future if she
couldn¡¯t make them go away. And how she¡¯d spent days hiding out,
hoping Mr. Forkle would give her the information she needed to fix
everything¡ªbut of course the Black Swan let her down. So now she
was stuck going rogue with her own investigation, which Keefe was
helping her with¡ªbut only because Ro had forced the information out
of her. And even though her voice was pretty wobbly at that point, she
ended with the theory that Keefe had come up with about Councillor
Bronte, as well as their plan to find out if it was true, and the very
mixed feelings she had about the whole thing.

   ¡°I¡¯m sorry,¡± she repeated when she¡¯d finished, squeezing her eyes as
tight as she could. She definitely wasn¡¯t ready to see the look on Fitz¡¯s
face as he processed all of those bombshells.

   And then, it got very quiet.
   The only sound was a bit of whisper-hissing out in the hallway from
Grizel¡ªFitz¡¯s bodyguard¡ªwho was also Sandor¡¯s girlfriend, and who
seemed to be less than thrilled that her boyfriend had kept her totally
in the dark about all of this as well. And Sandor, being Sandor, was
unapologetically defending his need to protect his charge¡¯s secrets¡ª
which was great for Sophie. But was probably going to earn him
another one of Grizel¡¯s humiliating punishments involving tight pants
and dancing.
   ¡°Anything you want to say?¡± Ro finally asked, and Sophie couldn¡¯t
tell which boy she was talking to. She still hadn¡¯t worked up the
courage to open her eyes.
   Keefe was the one to speak up, and his voice sounded even farther
away. ¡°You get that the reason Foster went to the matchmakers was
for you, right?¡± he asked Fitz. ¡°And you know what a big deal that was
for her, don¡¯t you?¡±
   Ro muttered something about foolish boys, which made it
impossible to translate Fitz¡¯s tone when he told Keefe, ¡°Yeah.¡±
   More silence followed, and Sophie went back to imagining which
piece of furniture would be the best to fling through a window for her
teleporting escape. And as the seconds stacked into minutes, she
started to wonder if everyone had left.
   Then she felt her mattress shift, and someone sat beside her on the
bed.

   ¡°Okay.¡± Fitz¡¯s voice was quiet, but she still flinched at his sudden
closeness. ¡°I don¡¯t want this to be a big fight. So will you please just
promise me something?¡±

   She forced herself to look at him, needing several seconds for the
world to blur back into focus. And her heart stumbled a beat when she
found his gorgeous face staring at her without all the anger and
betrayal she¡¯d last seen in his expression.

   He was the kind of handsome that made her eyes tune out
everything except him, and her brain shut down¡ªwhich was probably
why she nodded without bothering to ask what she was promising.

   ¡°I just want you to remember this,¡± he told her, running a hand
through his dark hair as he scooted even closer. He stopped when their
legs touched, and that tiny contact between them felt like fireworks in
Sophie¡¯s veins. ¡°I want you to remember me sitting here with you, not
freaking out or causing any of the drama you¡¯ve been worrying about,
okay? I know I haven¡¯t always been great about that¡ªbut I¡¯m working
on it. So I need you to work on trusting me¡ªbecause having you avoid
me like you¡¯ve been doing really hurts. And finding out you¡¯ve been
hiding something this important totally sucks. And knowing you
confided in other people before telling me makes it even worse.¡±

   She hung her head. ¡°I know. I¡¯m really, really sorry.¡±
   He tilted her chin back up, leaving his warm fingers resting there¡ª
which made it very hard to concentrate as he told her, ¡°You don¡¯t have
to apologize, Sophie. Just try not to do it again. Especially the avoiding
me part. I¡¯ve really missed you.¡±
   Her heart and stomach seemed to be competing over which could
flutter the hardest. ¡°I¡¯ve missed you too.¡±
   ¡°Yeah?¡± He flashed one of his breathtaking smiles, and she needed
a moment to remind herself that this was actually happening.

   This beautiful, perfect guy she¡¯d had a crush on from the moment
she¡¯d first stared into his impossibly teal eyes was really saying these
things, and looking at her like she meant something¡ªeven knowing
what the matchmakers had said.

   And his fingers were really tracing up her jaw, triggering a new
explosion of tingly fireworks as his gaze shifted to her mouth and he
leaned closer.

   Closer.
   ¡°Uh, not to ruin the smoochy-smoochy time,¡± Ro interrupted at the
absolute last second¡ªmaking Fitz snarl, ¡°Are you kidding me?¡± as
Sophie tried to decide if she wanted to die of embarrassment or launch
the heaviest thing she could find at Ro¡¯s head.
   Ro shrugged, unrepentant. ¡°Thought we¡¯d left, didn¡¯t you? Nope!
Someone had to keep an eye on you two. And what kind of chaperone
would I be if I didn¡¯t remind you that Pretty Boy hasn¡¯t actually said
what he thinks about the whole unmatchable thing? In case that
matters to you.¡±
   ¡°Stay out of it,¡± Keefe warned, adding a whole new level to Sophie¡¯s
humiliation.
   She hid behind her hair, suddenly glad that Ro had interrupted.
   The thought of kissing Fitz in front of Keefe was more than just
awkward. It felt¡­ wrong, somehow.
   ¡°I am staying out of it,¡± Ro insisted. ¡°It¡¯s not like I¡¯m dragging them
to separate corners¡ªthough we all know I could. I just figured I should
make sure that our sweet, innocent little Blondie noticed that her teal-
eyed wonder boy left out that crucial detail, since I know it¡¯s kinda
hard to think when a cute boy is leaning in with his eyes all heavy-
lidded and his lips all puckery. And I thought she might want a little
further clarification before she got lost in all the ¡®YIPPEE! HE¡¯S
KISSING ME¡¯¡ªbut what do I know?¡±

   Fitz¡¯s glare could¡¯ve withered forests. ¡°And I thought the fact that I
was about to kiss her made it pretty clear how I feel.¡±

   ¡°Does it, though?¡± Ro asked, tapping her chin with a painted claw.
¡°I mean, I guess it could. Or it could mean you¡¯re in the mood for some
lip-on-lip action¡ªand hey, no one¡¯s judging you. Smooching rocks!
But, if you really care about your Lovely Lady Foster, I¡¯m guessing
you¡¯d want to make it clear that all the panicking and obsessing she¡¯s
done about her match status these last few days doesn¡¯t bother you¡ª
assuming it doesn¡¯t, of course.¡±

   ¡°Of course it doesn¡¯t!¡± He turned back to Sophie, and repeated, ¡°It
doesn¡¯t.¡±

   ¡°Really?¡± she whispered, feeling like she could finally breathe freely.
   He reached up to tuck her hair behind her ears. ¡°Really.¡±
   Sophie closed her eyes, letting the simple word chase away the
doubts and worries she¡¯d been carrying since she¡¯d left the
matchmakers¡¯ office.
   Her heart felt lighter¡ªfaster. Her head, clearer than it had in days
and days.
   Right up until the moment when Fitz added, ¡°I promise we¡¯ll find
your genetic parents and make this whole mess disappear.¡±
   Ro sucked in air through her teeth. ¡°Ooooooooooooo, you were
sooooooooo close.¡±
   ¡°Seriously, stay out of it!¡± Keefe ordered.
   But Fitz had already turned back toward Ro. ¡°What¡¯s wrong with
offering to help? Keefe clearly is. And I would¡¯ve been helping already,
if she¡¯d told me what was happening.¡± His gaze shifted to Sophie, and
his forehead crinkled with concern. ¡°I¡¯m sure finding your genetic
parents is going to be super complicated and exhausting¡ªand you
already have a ton of other stuff going on with the dwarves, from what
Biana told me. So I just wanted you to know that I¡¯m here for anything
you need, okay? Anytime. No matter what. We¡¯re in this together.¡±

   He held out his hand, and Sophie tried to come up with something
to say.

   But her head felt so messy.
   All of the questions and confessions had shaken up her brain¡ªleft
her thoughts scattered and twirly. And her emotions were even more
chaotic¡ªall tangled up like a bunch of wriggling snakes.
   So she tapped her fingers to reactivate her enhancing-blockers and
took the hand he¡¯d offered, mumbling the only thing she could think
of: ¡°Thank you.¡±
   Fitz tightened his hold. ¡°You don¡¯t have to thank me. This is what
boyfriends do.¡±
   Her breath caught.
   There was that word again.
   And it felt different this time¡ªand not just because Fitz was the
one using it.
   It was more like¡­ they were discussing something that had already
been decided.
   Maybe they were.
   Fitz knew everything about her matchmaking status now¡ªand he
hadn¡¯t run screaming away.
   Yet.
   He reached for her other hand. ¡°Speaking of helping¡ªhear me out
on this, okay? I know you and Keefe have a plan¡ªand I¡¯m not saying
it¡¯s a bad one. But I really think I should be the one to go with you
when you confront Bronte.¡±
   Ro sniffed. ¡°Of course you do.¡±
   ¡°Um, reading his thoughts will be way clearer than trying to
translate his emotions,¡± Fitz argued, ¡°and this is the kind of thing we
need to be absolutely certain about.¡±

   ¡°It is,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°But¡­ I¡¯ve been in Bronte¡¯s head. It¡¯s really
not a great place for a Telepath.¡±

   ¡°But you went in alone,¡± Fitz reminded her. ¡°Now we¡¯d be taking
him on together.¡±

   Ro clapped her hands, jumping up and down. ¡°Oh! Oh! This is the
part where he¡¯s going to remind you that you¡¯re Cognates!¡±

   ¡°Well, we are!¡± Fitz snapped back, looking like he¡¯d had about all he
could stand of Ro¡¯s interruptions.

   Sophie was equally done with them.
   She also knew that Fitz was right. Reading Bronte¡¯s thoughts would
be more conclusive than reading his emotions.
   She just¡­ didn¡¯t want to do it.
   She¡¯d learned the hard way, many times, how painful unguarded
thoughts could be¡ªeven from people who loved her. So to hear what
Bronte thought about being her biological father¡ªwhether or not he
actually was?
   No thank you.
   She¡¯d much rather let Keefe do the reading, so she wouldn¡¯t have to
hear anything more than ¡°Yep, it¡¯s Bronte¡± or ¡°No, it¡¯s not,¡± and then
figure out how to live with either answer.
   She just didn¡¯t know how to explain that to Fitz.
   The conversation still felt so¡­ delicate.
   ¡°I think Bronte will get suspicious if he knows you¡¯re going to be
there,¡± she said carefully, ¡°since we were going to tell him the meeting
was about having Keefe join Team Valiant. The Council already made
it pretty clear that they want you and me to work separately for a while
¡ª¡±
   ¡°Yeah, what¡¯s that about?¡± Fitz interrupted.
   The bitterness in his voice was hard to miss.
   ¡°Don¡¯t feel bad, Fitzy¡ªyou¡¯re not the only one who didn¡¯t make the
cut,¡± Keefe told him. ¡°In fact, I¡¯m kinda thinking you, me, and Linh
should start our own team¡ªTeam We¡¯re-Having-More-Fun-Than-
You-Are! Instead of crowns, we can wear tunics that say ¡®You Wish
You Were This Hot.¡¯ And all of our mascots will be gulons. You with
me?¡±
   Fitz didn¡¯t smile.
   ¡°Okaaaaaaaaaaaaaay,¡± Keefe said, backing up a step. ¡°Well, at least
you¡¯ll have more time to focus on finding Alvar. You making any
progress with that?¡±
   ¡°None,¡± Fitz admitted, looking even sulkier. ¡°I swear I¡¯ve searched
every single inch of Everglen. There should¡¯ve at least been a trail
showing which way he went. He was¡­ pretty messed up.¡±
   Sophie tried not to shudder.
   She tried even harder not to wonder what it had to feel like to
believe you¡¯d willingly killed your traitorous older brother¡ªand then
find out later that he managed to get away. It had to be such a strange
mix of anger and guilt and frustration and pain.
   And instead of being there for Fitz, she¡¯d ignored him and avoided
him.
   Because of stupid matchmaking.
   If she really was his girlfriend, that probably made her the Worst.
Girlfriend. Ever.
   ¡°Whoa. The mood is getting low in here,¡± Keefe said. And when his
eyes met Sophie¡¯s, it looked like he wanted to ask her what was wrong.
Instead, he turned to Fitz and added, ¡°All the more reason we need to
make Team We¡¯re-Having-More-Fun-Than-You-Are! a thing. Come
on, Fitzy¡ªI¡¯m sure Linh would be okay with you as our fearless leader.
Then you can order everyone around and I can call you Lord
Bossypants. It¡¯s a win-win!¡±

   ¡°You know what I don¡¯t get?¡± Fitz asked, turning back to Sophie¡ª
and even though he was ignoring Keefe, she noticed the corners of his
mouth were twitching, like he might¡¯ve been trying not to smile.
¡°Everyone knows how rare Cognates are¡ªand you and I are some of
the most powerful Cognates ever. So why would the Council think
splitting us up is going to be a good thing?¡±

   Sophie shrugged. ¡°They said they think it¡¯ll help me focus on my
other abilities, since I don¡¯t use them very often and the Black Swan
gave them to me for a reason. But honestly? I think they¡¯re just
randomly changing things up, trying to push us all out of our comfort
zones to see if it makes a difference.¡±

   ¡°Yeah¡ªit¡¯ll make it worse,¡± Fitz muttered.
   ¡°Probably,¡± she agreed. ¡°That¡¯s why I already made them promise to
add you to the team if I need you.¡±
   ¡°If you need me?¡± he repeated.
   Sophie couldn¡¯t tell if he was teasing or moping. Maybe a little of
both.
   And after all the ways she¡¯d neglected him, she¡­ owed Fitz a little
reassurance. Even if Ro would forever torment her for it.
   So she leaned a little closer, telling herself to be brave as she
reached up and smoothed the crinkle between his eyebrows with the
tip of her finger.
   Pretty sure I¡¯ll always need you, she transmitted.
   ¡°Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand they¡¯ve gone into full Fitzphie eye-staring
mode¡ªso that¡¯s our cue!¡± Keefe announced, fumbling for his home
crystal.
   He hooked his arm around Ro¡¯s, but she locked her knees. ¡°Nope, I
have one more question for Pretty Boy, first.¡±
   Sophie and Keefe groaned.
   Fitz crossed his arms and tilted his chin up. ¡°Okay, hit me with it.¡±
   Ro flashed all of her pointed teeth. ¡°If Sophie can¡¯t find out who her
genetic parents are, does that change anything for you?¡±
   He frowned. ¡°Why wouldn¡¯t she be able to?¡±
   ¡°Doesn¡¯t matter,¡± Ro told him. ¡°Just answer the question.¡±
   ¡°But¡­ the question makes no sense!¡± Fitz argued. ¡°It¡¯s not like the
information doesn¡¯t exist. If we needed to, we could pull it right out of
Forkle¡¯s brain.¡± He glanced at Sophie. ¡°Wait¡ªshould we just do that?¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s plan Z,¡± Keefe told him.
   ¡°Huh. Any reason why it¡¯s not plan A?¡± he asked.
   ¡°Because¡­ it¡¯s icky,¡± Sophie mumbled, ¡°and I don¡¯t want to be that
kind of person unless I have no other choice. Especially for something
like this.¡±
   ¡°¡®Something like this,¡¯¡± Fitz repeated slowly.
   Sophie sighed, trying to figure out how to explain without making
everything worse. ¡°It¡¯s just¡­ I already thought matchmaking was
unfair to certain people. And now I¡¯ve turned out to be one of those
people. And that seems like proof that I was right and the system¡¯s
seriously broken¡ªnot something I should use as an excuse to violate
someone¡¯s privacy.¡±
   All Fitz had to say to that was, ¡°Hmm.¡±
   Ro elbowed Keefe. ¡°Nothing you want to say, Hunkyhair?¡±
   ¡°Yep! Time to go!¡± He held his crystal up to the fading twilight, and
Sophie wondered when it had gotten so dark outside¡ªand how she
hadn¡¯t noticed.
   Ro shook her head. ¡°Fine. Be that way. But you still didn¡¯t answer
my question,¡± she reminded Fitz.
   ¡°Because it was a dumb question,¡± he argued.
   ¡°I figured you were going to say that,¡± Ro told him. ¡°So I have a new
question for you. And be careful. In fact, don¡¯t answer until you¡¯ve put
some serious thought into it. There¡¯s no wrong answer¡ªbut that
doesn¡¯t mean there isn¡¯t one that¡¯s right.¡±

   Keefe sighed. ¡°You have ten seconds until I tackle you.¡±
   ¡°Try it,¡± Ro told him, keeping her focus on Fitz. ¡°Ready for your
question?¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m definitely not scared,¡± he countered.
   ¡°We¡¯ll see.¡± She batted her eyelashes¡ªbut her smile was anything
but sweet as she asked, ¡°If Sophie decided she didn¡¯t want to find out
who her biological parents are¡ªand didn¡¯t want anyone else to look
into it either¡ªwhat would you say?¡±
   Fitz frowned. ¡°Why would she do that?¡±
   Ro clicked her tongue. ¡°I told you not to answer.¡±
   ¡°I didn¡¯t.¡±
   ¡°If you say so.¡± She glanced at Keefe. ¡°And since you¡¯re still not
going to say anything, I guess that¡¯s the best I can do. For now.¡±
   ¡°What does that mean?¡± Fitz asked, but Ro had already dragged
Keefe into the light. They were gone the next second, nothing but a
shower of glitter¡ªthough Sophie could¡¯ve sworn Keefe mouthed the
word Sorry as he left.
   Fitz blew out a breath, pinching the bridge of his nose. ¡°Well¡­ that
was weird.¡±
   Sophie nodded, trying to figure out how to fill the silence now that
they were alone¡ªor as alone as they could be next to a hallway filled
with eavesdropping bodyguards.
   But her brain couldn¡¯t come up with anything useful.
   She missed how much easier things used to be between them.
   Comfortable.
   Friendly.
   This dating thing was so much more complicated than she¡¯d
realized¡ªif they even were dating.

   And it got a whole lot worse when Fitz asked, ¡°So¡­ would you?¡±
   ¡°Would I what?¡±
   ¡°You know¡­ do what Ro was asking. Decide you don¡¯t want anyone
to find out who your biological parents are.¡±
   ¡°Oh.¡±
   She dropped her gaze to her hands, knowing this was another one of
those questions where there was definitely a right answer.
   But she couldn¡¯t make herself say those words.
   So she gave Fitz the same answer he¡¯d given Ro. ¡°Why would I do
that?¡±
   And Fitz looked relieved. ¡°Exactly.¡±
                 THIRTEEN

I THINK I¡¯M GOING TO CALL you the Droolmonster from now on,¡±

Stina announced, and Sophie¡¯s head snapped up so fast, she slammed
the back of it against the braided bark of Calla¡¯s Panakes tree.

   She reached for her chin, sighing when she discovered that it was a
little slobbery.

   And the smirks on Dex¡¯s, Wylie¡¯s, Biana¡¯s, and Stina¡¯s faces made
her wonder if she¡¯d also been snoring.

   She wiped the drool away with the side of her sleeve and scowled at
Bo, Sandor, and Flori, who were patrolling the nearby pastures along
with Lovise and Woltzer. Clearly her bodyguards had no interest in
protecting her from humiliation.

   The last thing she remembered was petting Wynn and Luna in the
shade, waiting for the rest of her team to arrive for their first planning
session. But the alicorn twins seemed to have abandoned her. And if
the crick in her neck was any indication, she¡¯d been conked out for a
while.

   ¡°Couldn¡¯t sleep last night?¡± Biana asked as Sophie rubbed the back
of her head, finding the tender spot where she¡¯d bonked it on the tree.

   ¡°Not really,¡± Sophie admitted.
   No matter what images Silveny had tried sending¡ªsoaring through
starry skies, galloping across pristine beaches, grazing in quiet
meadows¡ªBronte always crept into the dream, lecturing her or
scowling at her or threatening to exile her. And when he¡¯d held out his
arms and asked, ¡°Who needs a hug?¡± she¡¯d decided she was never
sleeping again.

   But then she¡¯d gone outside to brainstorm for the first meeting of
Team Valiant, and Wynn and Luna had been all snuggly, and the air
had been filled with a soft, whispering breeze that felt like Calla was
singing to her through the swaying leaves, and the day was warm and
quiet, and the grass was soft and squishy, and¡­ now she would
probably forever be the Droolmonster.

   But there were worse nicknames.
   And thankfully, she didn¡¯t remember dreaming at all¡ªscore one for
Panakes-napping!
   Maybe she¡¯d start camping out there at night. At least until she got
an answer to the Bronte conundrum. Which¡­ might take a while, if she
kept being such a wimp.
   She¡¯d planned to hail Bronte that morning to schedule the meeting
with her and Keefe. But the thought of hearing his voice and seeing his
face on that tiny screen¡ªand then asking him the dreaded, potentially
life-changing question, and having to face whatever new reality came
with his answer¡­
   ¡°You okay?¡± Biana asked, plopping down beside Sophie on the grass
and reaching out to brush some of the fallen pinkish, purplish, bluish
petals out of Sophie¡¯s hair. ¡°Fitz wouldn¡¯t tell me what you guys talked
about last night. But he said it got a little¡­ intense.¡±
   ¡°Uh, I think I speak for all of us when I say, ew,¡± Dex complained as
he sat down next to Biana.
   Biana shoved him. ¡°That¡¯s not what he meant. And gross¡ªhe¡¯s my
brother! He knows not to tell me that kind of stuff.¡±
   ¡°Um, there¡¯s nothing to tell!¡± Sophie emphasized.
   ¡°Okay, but why not?¡± Stina asked, joining them on the grass. ¡°We¡¯re
talking about kissing Fitz Vacker, aren¡¯t we? Fitz! Vacker!¡± She curled
her arms around her knees and stared dreamily at the swaying
branches. ¡°How are you not¡ª¡±

   ¡°All right, just so we¡¯re all clear,¡± Biana interrupted, holding out her
hands like stop signs. ¡°I¡¯m good with Sophie dating my brother. It¡¯s a
little weird, but¡­ whatever. But that doesn¡¯t mean I want to hear about
it.¡±

   ¡°YUP!¡± Dex agreed.
   ¡°And I really don¡¯t want to talk about it,¡± Sophie added. ¡°So how
about we all just pretend it¡¯s not happening?¡±
   ¡°But it is happening, right?¡± Stina pressed, tossing a handful of
flowers at Sophie like confetti. ¡°You¡¯re done with all the pointless
denial?¡±
   Sophie honestly wasn¡¯t sure if she knew the right answer to that
question.
   And all of her friends were watching her now, waiting to hear what
she had to say¡ªthough Wylie looked like he was mostly wondering
how much of this kind of drama he was going to have to deal with as a
member of Team Valiant, and when he sat, he positioned himself a
couple of extra inches away from them.
   Sophie knew she could change the subject¡ªdemand they focus on
the reasons they¡¯d met up in the first place. But¡­ Dex and Biana still
didn¡¯t know about her unmatchable status. And Stina and Wylie
should probably be in the loop too, thanks to the potential Bronte
ramifications.
   ¡°Fine,¡± she said, tugging out an itchy eyelash and making a mental
note that the next time she had huge, life-changing news, she needed
to gather everyone together and tell them all at the same time so she
didn¡¯t have to keep reliving the same stressful conversation. ¡°There¡¯s
something I should probably tell you guys, and I really don¡¯t want it to
be another big, drawn-out thing. So I¡¯m going to say it really fast, and
then you guys each get to ask one question, and then we¡¯re done
talking about it. Deal?¡±

   Stina¡¯s eyebrows shot up. ¡°Wow. The Droolmonster¡¯s bossy today.¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s because she¡¯s Lady Fos-Boss,¡± Dex said, flashing a smug,
dimpled grin.
   ¡°And we¡¯ll take the deal,¡± Biana decided for all of them.
   Which meant it was time for Sophie to explain the whole messy
situation again¡ªthough she was pretty proud of herself for condensing
it down to one long run-on sentence. She blurted it out as fast as she
could, then leaned back against Calla¡¯s tree and focused on arranging
some of the Panakes blossoms into a tidy circle.
   She didn¡¯t want to see how much pity was now being directed her
way.
   ¡°All right,¡± she said, clearing the squeak out of her throat, ¡°one
question each. Who wants to go first?¡±
   ¡°I will.¡± Dex leaned closer, and Sophie braced herself for something
especially awkward. But all he asked was, ¡°Are you okay?¡±
   When she looked up, she found his eyes shining with the kind of
deep, honest worry that could only be found in the stare of someone
who¡¯d ¡°been there.¡±
   That¡¯s when she realized¡­
   Even knowing firsthand how much scandal and scorn came with
defying the matchmaking system, Dex still talked about how he might
choose to not register, as a protest. So¡­ rough as the drama would be¡ª
it also had to be manageable.
   And he must also believe he¡¯d find someone who wouldn¡¯t care
whether or not his name was on their lists, or how the rest of their
world would label their relationship.
   She needed to remember all of that, in case the search for her
biological parents spiraled into disaster.
   ¡°It hasn¡¯t been fun,¡± she told him¡ªbut she actually felt like she
meant it when she added, ¡°but I¡¯ll get through it.¡±

   ¡°If you ever need to talk, I¡¯m here,¡± he promised.
   ¡°Thanks.¡±
   He started to lean back, but Sophie reached out and pulled him in
for a hug.
   Dex lost his balance for a second. Then he wrapped his arms around
her, squeezing as tight as he could. And when he let go a few seconds
later, his cheeks weren¡¯t red, and he didn¡¯t look shy or nervous or
fidgety.
   He looked¡­ like her best friend.
   ¡°Okay, my turn,¡± Stina announced, reminding Sophie that she still
had three more questions to go. ¡°And I won¡¯t be getting all sappy.¡±
   ¡°Shocking,¡± Sophie deadpanned, leaning back against the Panakes
again.
   ¡°You really think Bronte¡¯s your biological father?¡± Stina asked,
crinkling her nose like she couldn¡¯t picture it¡ªwhich might¡¯ve been
the best compliment she¡¯d ever given Sophie.
   Sophie added a few more blossoms to her flower circle. ¡°I think
there¡¯s a strong enough possibility that I need to look into it¡ªand not
just because of the matchmaking stuff.¡± She glanced at Wylie,
wondering how much more she should say. It seemed wrong to raise
the horrible possibility when she could be on the complete wrong
track.
   But¡­ if it was true, he could probably use some time to mentally
prepare.
   ¡°The thing is,¡± she said carefully, still holding Wylie¡¯s stare, ¡°if
Bronte was part of Project Moonlark, it makes what happened to your
dad a whole lot creepier.¡±
   Wylie straightened¡ªand his voice was about fifty degrees colder
when he said, ¡°I want to know the second you find out anything.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯ll be the first person I hail,¡± Sophie promised.
   ¡°Before you hail Mr. Forkle,¡± Wylie clarified. ¡°If this is true, I want
to be there when you confront him¡ªmake him look me in the eyes
while he explains what happened.¡±
   Sophie nodded. And when she saw how tightly his skin was
stretched across his fisted knuckles, she added, ¡°Remember: I¡¯ve had
wrong theories before.¡±
   Wylie frowned. ¡°Like who?¡±
   Sophie hesitated, so he added, ¡°That¡¯s my one question.¡±
   ¡°Welllllllll,¡± Sophie said, shifting her weight as she tried to figure
out how honest she should be. ¡°I¡¯m not sure if it¡¯s weird to tell you
this, but my first theory was actually your dad¡ªbecause everyone kept
mentioning his name and getting strange looks and not telling me
why. But that was before I knew how Project Moonlark was connected
to what happened to him. And it was before I met you¡­¡±
   ¡°And saw how much we look alike?¡± Wylie finished for her,
grinning as he pointed to his dark skin.
   Sophie laughed and nodded. ¡°So after I ruled him out, I thought it
might be Mr. Forkle, since he¡¯s a Telepath and he was the one who
rescued me from the kidnappers and healed my abilities and stayed in
the human world to keep an eye on me. But¡­ he says it¡¯s not him.¡±
   ¡°He could be lying,¡± Stina noted.
   ¡°Oh, I know. But¡­ the longer I¡¯m around him, the more it doesn¡¯t
feel like he¡¯s the one¡ªespecially when you consider the whole ¡®secret
twin¡¯ thing. The Forkle brothers were the only people who could do
most of the stuff they did for me, which makes those good deeds seem
way less significant and more like¡­ they were just doing their job, you
know?¡± Sophie shrugged. ¡°I also wondered if it was Councillor Kenric,
since he was always so nice to me and he was a Telepath and he gave
me his cache. But Forkle said he¡¯s not¡ªand with Kenric being dead¡­ I
don¡¯t really see why he¡¯d bother lying.¡±

   And now that she¡¯d fully realized what it would mean if one of the
Councillors had been a part of Project Moonlark, she really hoped
Kenric was not her biological father. The thought of him letting
Prentice get hurt to keep his secret safe made her insides churn.

   Plus, it would devastate Oralie.
   Then again, she supposed all of that could be a reason for Mr. Forkle
to lie to her about Kenric. Maybe she shouldn¡¯t rule him out as her
biological father after all.¡­
   ¡°What about your biological mother?¡± Stina asked, and Sophie
pulled her legs into her chest, needing to be in another Sophie-ball.
   ¡°You already had your turn,¡± Biana reminded her.
   ¡°Yeah, but Wylie asked her about ¡®other theories¡¯¡ªthat covers both
parents,¡± Stina argued. ¡°Besides, I¡¯m sure this little search is going to
keep popping up in all kinds of messy ways, so we should be
prepared.¡±
   Sophie went back to arranging fallen flowers, definitely not loving
when Stina made good points. ¡°I¡¯ve only had one theory for my genetic
mom,¡± she said through a sigh, ¡°and you can¡¯t repeat it to anybody. I
don¡¯t want it getting back to Grady and Edaline.¡±
   Stina¡¯s eyebrows practically launched off her forehead. ¡°You think it
was Jolie?¡±
   ¡°I thought she was,¡± Sophie corrected. ¡°Past tense.¡± She glanced at
Biana and Dex, trying to remember if she¡¯d ever told them that as she
explained, ¡°Everyone kept telling me I look like her¡ªand she was part
of the Black Swan, so¡­ I had to wonder. But Forkle said no, and I don¡¯t
think he¡¯d lie about something that close to home.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, I don¡¯t think he would,¡± Dex agreed.
   ¡°Me neither,¡± Biana added. ¡°I also don¡¯t think he would¡¯ve let you
live with Grady and Edaline without them knowing¡ªthat would be too
weird for them when they found out.¡±

   Sophie nodded. ¡°Exactly. The Black Swan is difficult, but¡­ they¡¯ve
never been cruel.¡±

   At least, she hoped they hadn¡¯t been.
   Once again, her mind strayed to the awful implications of Bronte
being her biological father¡ªand the list seemed to be getting worse
the more times she went through it.
   ¡°You don¡¯t have any other theories for your biological mom?¡± Stina
asked.
   Sophie rested her chin against her knees. ¡°I guess it¡¯s possible that
Keefe came up with some and hasn¡¯t told me yet, because we got
sidetracked by the Bronte thing. But otherwise, nope. I can¡¯t think of
anyone.¡±
   Everyone got really quiet, and Sophie decided to focus on adding
another layer to her circle of Panakes blossoms¡ªanything to stop her
brain from wondering who they might be considering.
   She¡¯d moved on to a third flower level, and it was starting to look
more like a leaning pile when Stina clamped her hands over her mouth
and gasped, ¡°I bet I know who it is!¡±
   Just like that, every part of Sophie was sweaty.
   ¡°An actual theory?¡± Biana clarified. ¡°Because this isn¡¯t something to
joke about.¡±
   ¡°I know. One look at Little Miss I¡¯m-Gonna-Vomit-Any-Second over
there¡ªand her team of surly bodyguards¡ªmakes that pretty clear. So
of course it¡¯s an actual theory¡ªand a good one too.¡± Stina squinted at
Sophie, as if she was mentally comparing her against whoever she was
imagining. ¡°Wanna hear it?¡±
   Sophie curled into an even tighter ball. And she knew she was going
to hate herself for this, but¡­ ¡°Who?¡±

   Stina grinned, dragging out her dramatic pause until even Wylie
was groaning and saying, ¡°Never mind.¡±

   Then she told them, ¡°Lady Cadence Talle!¡±
   If Sophie¡¯s life had been a movie, the soundtrack would¡¯ve
screeched to a stop right there¡ªand the narrator would¡¯ve chimed in
with a comment like, Definitely didn¡¯t see that one coming!
   ¡°Lady Cadence,¡± Sophie repeated, testing the words on her tongue.
   They tasted sour and disappointing, like a low-calorie human
dessert.
   And there were plenty of shocked murmurings in the background
from Sandor.
   ¡°I mean, I guess she¡¯s technically Master Cadence,¡± Stina corrected.
¡°But yeah¡ªshe¡¯s your linguistics Mentor, right? Think about it!
You¡¯re both Polyglots. And she saved your butt when King Dimitar
tried to haul you off to an ogre work camp for breaking into his brain.
And she was off living in Ravagog until the Council dragged her back
to mentor you, so no one would ever suspect her. It¡¯s perfect!¡±
   ¡°That¡­ actually does kinda make sense,¡± Dex admitted.
   ¡°She doesn¡¯t look like Sophie, though,¡± Biana argued. ¡°Her hair is,
like, raven-feather black.¡±
   ¡°So? Maybe Sophie looks like her dad,¡± Stina countered. ¡°Or maybe
Sophie¡¯s hair color is another one of the things that comes from what
the Black Swan did to her genes¡ªlike her eye color. And who knows?
If we put Sophie next to Lady Cadence, we might spot all kinds of
similarities we¡¯ve never noticed, now that we know to look for them.
We should do that!¡±
   Wylie placed a hand on Sophie¡¯s shoulder. ¡°You okay?¡±
   At some point he¡¯d scooted closer to her.
   She hadn¡¯t noticed.
   Just like she hadn¡¯t noticed that she¡¯d started trembling a little.
   Her brain was too busy replaying every moment she¡¯d spent with
Lady Cadence¡ªand the memories were so¡­
   Awful.
   Miserable sessions, where Lady Cadence went out of her way to
make it clear how unhappy she was about having to be Sophie¡¯s
Mentor¡ªand how unimpressed she was with Sophie¡¯s talent.
   All the horrible, stinky detentions where Sophie had been singled
out for additional punishments¡ªthough technically some of that was
Keefe¡¯s fault.
   All the endless lectures and sighs and scowls and criticisms.
   ¡°Seriously,¡± Wylie said, squeezing Sophie gently until she looked at
him. ¡°Need us to change the subject? Or should you have your
bodyguards take you inside for a break?¡±
   ¡°No, I¡¯m fine,¡± Sophie mumbled, shaking her head to clear it. ¡°It¡¯s¡­
a solid theory. Definitely worth looking into.¡±
   ¡°It can be worth looking into without you being fine,¡± Wylie pointed
out.
   ¡°I know. But¡­ changing the subject doesn¡¯t actually change
anything,¡± Sophie reminded him. ¡°Neither does going inside and
hiding from it.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, I know,¡± Wylie said as Sophie hugged herself as tightly as
she could. ¡°I learned that after my dad was exiled¡ªand even more
after I lost my mom. I think that¡¯s why Tiergan was so big on making
me talk it out. It¡¯s like¡­ giving your brain permission to think what it¡¯s
thinking and feel what it¡¯s feeling, instead of shoving it all away. So¡­ if
you need someone to listen¡­¡±
   He raised his eyebrows expectantly, and Sophie knew he had a
point. But she needed a good, solid eyelash tug before she told him, ¡°I
was just thinking¡­ couldn¡¯t at least one of my biological parents be
someone who¡¯s been a little nice to me?¡±

   ¡°Or maybe that¡¯s why they¡¯ve been so mean,¡± Biana suggested,
scooting closer and wrapping an arm around Sophie¡¯s shoulders.
¡°Maybe they think it makes them seem less suspicious.¡±

   ¡°Great, so they care way more about themselves than they ever will
about me,¡± Sophie muttered.

   ¡°That kinda makes sense though, doesn¡¯t it?¡± Dex asked, scooching
closer too. ¡°I mean, don¡¯t take this the wrong way, but¡­ Project
Moonlark was a pretty selfish thing for all of them to do. I¡¯m not
saying I¡¯m not glad the Black Swan did it, since it¡¯s why you exist, and
you¡¯re awesome. But they were also experimenting with your life in
ways that were bound to cause problems for you¡ªand that didn¡¯t stop
them from doing it. So, I¡¯m just saying¡­ anyone who helped with the
project probably has some issues¡ªespecially the people who didn¡¯t
even want anyone knowing they were involved.¡±

   ¡°Plus, your adoptive parents are awesome,¡± Biana added. ¡°And it
sounded like your human parents were too. That¡¯s the family that
matters. Who cares about your genetic parents? You got what you
needed from them. You exist. The rest?¡± She shrugged, as if to say,
Who cares?

   Sophie wanted to share that attitude.
   But¡­ she did care.
   And telling herself she didn¡¯t wasn¡¯t going to change that.
   Biana cleared her throat. ¡°I know you¡¯re probably getting sick of
this conversation, but¡­ I still haven¡¯t asked my question.¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re right,¡± Sophie said, sitting up to put a little space between
her and Biana. She had a terrible feeling that she was about to get hit
with a question about what the unmatchable thing meant for her and
Fitz¡¯s relationship, and since she still didn¡¯t know for sure, having a
small buffer seemed like a good idea.

   But Biana placed her palm over Sophie¡¯s gloved hand and asked,
¡°Will you please let us help you with this? I know you¡¯re going to say
that it all has to be up to you since it¡¯s such a personal thing¡ªbut our
team will work best if you¡¯re able to focus on being our leader. So why
don¡¯t you let us give you a hand?¡±

   ¡°Because there¡¯s nothing for you to do,¡± Sophie insisted. ¡°I¡¯m sure
we¡¯ll have to test Lady Cadence the same way we¡¯re going to test
Bronte¡ªand that needs to be done by me and an Empath.¡±

   ¡°Oh hi! In case you¡¯ve forgotten, I¡¯m an Empath,¡± Stina reminded
her.

   Sophie was still struggling to process the realization that Stina had
technically just volunteered to help her with something she didn¡¯t have
to help her with, when Biana added, ¡°And who said it has to be you for
the other part?¡±

   ¡°Um¡­ we¡¯re searching for my biological parents.¡±
   ¡°Right, but anyone can confront them,¡± Biana argued. ¡°In fact, I bet
if it was one of us, we¡¯d get a more telling reaction, since the person
will be way more caught off guard. Just like I bet they¡¯d be way less
suspicious if one of us set up the meetings to ask the question. And
then you could stay out of the whole thing and spend your time being
the moonlark and Lady Fos-Boss¡ª¡±
   ¡°And the Droolmonster,¡± Stina chimed in.
   ¡°If the Droolmonster part means she actually gets some sleep, I vote
for that,¡± Dex added.
   Wylie nodded, and Biana tightened her grip on Sophie¡¯s hand. ¡°I
know it goes against everything your brain is telling you right now.
But please let us handle this. I promise we¡¯ll keep you updated on
everything¡ªand we¡¯ll be careful!¡± she shouted over her shoulder to her
bodyguard.

   Woltzer shouted back something about how Biana better not even
think about ditching him as Sophie stared at her pile of Panakes
blossoms, tempted to punch it until the flowers were flattened.

   The idea of anyone learning anything about her genetic parents
before she did sounded pretty unbearable.

   Then again, so did the idea of being there for the confrontations.
   Basically, there was no way to not have it be awful¡ªso which option
would be the least stressful?
   ¡°Keep in mind that if I were in charge of this,¡± Biana added gently,
¡°I¡¯d already have a meeting set up with Bronte¡ªand not because I
think you¡¯re slacking or anything. It¡¯s just that reaching out to him
isn¡¯t a thing for me like it is for you.¡±
   ¡°How did you¡­?¡± Sophie started to ask, but her question trailed off
when Biana smiled.
   ¡°Because you didn¡¯t tell us what time you have a meeting scheduled
for¡ªand I know you would¡¯ve if you had one arranged,¡± Biana told her.
¡°And you also didn¡¯t complain about Bronte being stubborn and not
agreeing to meet yet. So I¡¯m assuming that means you haven¡¯t
contacted him¡ªand no judgment here. If I were in your position, I¡¯d
dread having to talk to him and stall doing it as long as I could. That¡¯s
why I want to help. I can save you from the hard parts¡ªand get stuff
taken care of faster. It¡¯s a total win-win.¡±
   Sophie snuck a glance at her teammates, and all four of them were
nodding¡ªas were all the bodyguards in the background¡ªwhich made
her eyes get that familiar burning feeling.
   But she was not going to cry, so she cleared her throat and stood to
pace. ¡°Well, maybe we can give it a try¡ªbut only if turns out you guys
have time. First we need to make sure we¡¯re really focusing on all the
big stuff this team was created for¡ªwhich is what we¡¯re supposed to be
meeting about today, remember? I swear, this unmatchable thing is
the worst distraction ever. Thank goodness everyone knows now, and I
don¡¯t have to have this horrible conversation again.¡±

   ¡°What about Linh?¡± Biana asked, killing the dream. ¡°And Marella?¡±
   Sophie paused midstep, not sure if it would be smarter to sink back
to the grass and never get up again or to run far, far away.
   ¡°I can tell them,¡± Wylie offered. ¡°I¡¯m supposed to see Linh today,
and she¡¯s been training with Marella a lot, so I¡¯m sure Marella will be
there.¡±
   ¡°You¡­ wouldn¡¯t mind?¡± Sophie had to ask.
   It was an awkward enough conversation when it was her news. She
couldn¡¯t imagine doing it for someone else.
   ¡°It¡¯ll be easy,¡± Wylie promised. ¡°I¡¯ll just repeat what you told us, and
let them know you¡¯re kinda over talking about it¡ªbut if they really
have questions, they can hit you up. Sound like a plan?¡±
   Sophie nodded, barely resisting the urge to tackle-hug him.
   ¡°Are you going to tell Linh about Tam?¡± Biana asked.
   Wylie fidgeted with his wyvern patch. ¡°I actually already did
yesterday. She took it better than I¡¯d expected, mostly because she was
relieved that Tam hadn¡¯t given Sophie their signal. I guess if Tam were
hurt, or if things were getting to be more than he could handle, he
would¡¯ve used some sort of code word and asked Sophie to pass it
along to Linh without her knowing what it meant.¡±
   ¡°What¡¯s the word?¡± Dex asked.
   ¡°Linh wouldn¡¯t tell me. She said it works best if she and Tam are the
only ones who know it. They came up with the trick when they were
banished, since they never knew what kind of problems they might
find themselves facing.¡±
   ¡°Okaaaaaaaaay,¡± Sophie said, replaying her conversation with Tam
again to make sure she hadn¡¯t accidentally missed any crucial code
words that she should¡¯ve passed along. ¡°But Gethen would¡¯ve learned
the code word when he probed Tam¡¯s memories, wouldn¡¯t he?¡±

   ¡°I asked the same thing,¡± Wylie admitted. ¡°But Linh told me Tam¡¯s
prepared for that, since he always figured the biggest threats were the
Telepaths on the Council. I guess he has a way of shrouding a few of
his most important memories using shadows. No one can see them. So
Linh thinks the fact that he didn¡¯t use their code word yet is proof that
Tam doesn¡¯t need any help right now and we should try to leave him
alone. And she also said it¡¯s a good thing Keefe¡¯s taking Tam¡¯s
warning seriously. She claimed her brother would never pass along a
message like that unless he was convinced the threat was real.¡±

   ¡°And Keefe is really going to cooperate?¡± Stina asked. ¡°¡¯Cause¡­ that
doesn¡¯t sound like Keefe Sencen.¡­¡±

   ¡°But you¡¯ve met Ro, right?¡± Biana reminded her. ¡°She¡¯d totally drag
Keefe off to Ravagog and lock him in a dungeon if she had to.¡±

   Stina shrugged. ¡°Not saying she wouldn¡¯t try. But I bet you anything
Keefe will find a loophole.¡±

   Sandor and Bo snorted their agreement.
   And Sophie definitely shared all of their concern¡ªbut she forced
herself to shove it aside. Right now, she needed to stay focused on the
more immediate issues. ¡°Did you tell Linh about Team Valiant, and
was she upset that the Council didn¡¯t include her?¡±
   Wylie scratched at his closely cropped hair. ¡°I¡­ don¡¯t know. I feel
like it might¡¯ve bothered her¡ªbut all she said was, ¡®I¡¯m not surprised.¡¯
And she did sound like she meant it when she told me it¡¯s actually
better, because right now, her focus needs to be on making sure the
Neverseen can¡¯t keep using her as leverage against her brother. I guess
that¡¯s why she and Marella have been training so hard. She wouldn¡¯t
tell me what they¡¯re planning¡ªjust that it¡¯s an elemental thing. I think
they¡¯re trying to combine their abilities somehow.¡±

   ¡°Cooooooooooooooooooooool,¡± Dex breathed. ¡°Fire and water
could be awesome.¡±

   ¡°Um, don¡¯t they cancel each other out?¡± Stina wondered.
   ¡°They can,¡± Wylie agreed. ¡°When I was there, that seemed to be
what they were practicing. Marella would spark a flame, and Linh
would immediately drown it with water, and then Marella would
evaporate the water to steam. But I know the elemental abilities are a
little bit different than other abilities, so I wouldn¡¯t be surprised if they
can find a way to merge the two.¡±
   ¡°I guess,¡± Stina said, turning to frown at Sophie. ¡°Does anyone else
think it¡¯s weird that the Black Swan didn¡¯t give their moonlark any
elemental abilities?¡±
   ¡°They may have, and she just hasn¡¯t manifested yet,¡± Dex countered.
¡°Forkle¡¯s always been super vague about how many abilities they gave
her.¡±
   ¡°But hopefully I¡¯m done,¡± Sophie jumped in. ¡°Five is enough. And
Linh didn¡¯t have any theories about what the Neverseen might be
planning for Tam?¡± she asked Wylie, beginning to understand why
people often complained about the challenges of keeping her and her
friends focused on a single topic.
   Wylie shook his head. ¡°No. But she said we should definitely talk to
Lady Zillah. Apparently Tam did a ton of late-night training sessions
that he wouldn¡¯t let Linh go with him on because he said they were too
dangerous.¡±
   ¡°That¡­ doesn¡¯t sound good,¡± Dex murmured.
   No, it did not.
   ¡°Okay¡­ so when would be a good time to meet with Lady Zillah?¡±
Sophie asked. ¡°Is everyone free tomorrow?¡±
   ¡°Why do we all have to be there?¡± Stina wondered. ¡°Isn¡¯t the point
of us being a team so that we can do five things at once and then loop
back and fill each other in on what we¡¯ve learned?¡±

   Once again, Sophie had to admit that Stina had a valid point¡ªand
she surely had some serious Stina-bragging in her future for
conceding. But time was of the essence, so she said, ¡°All right. Who
wants to be in charge of meeting with her?¡±

   ¡°I get the impression she¡¯s not a fan of Flashers,¡± Wylie said, ¡°so it
might be better if it¡¯s not me.¡±

   ¡°Actually, I think it should be you,¡± Sophie realized.
   Lady Zillah did have some very strong opinions about how overrated
Flashers were¡ªand light in general¡ªparticularly since Shades were
generally looked down on in the Lost Cities.
   But after leaping with the Sources and feeling the potency of that
glowing power¡ªand how cooperative it was¡ªSophie didn¡¯t want to
lose track of the bigger picture.
   If shadows and shadowflux were going to be the Neverseen¡¯s focus,
perhaps the best countermeasure would involve light in some form.
   ¡°Maybe bring Stina with you,¡± Sophie suggested, ¡°as a buffer.¡±
   Miraculously, Stina didn¡¯t argue.
   She even agreed to take notes and give Sophie a full update once
they¡¯d learned everything they could from the Shade Mentor.
   Which left Team Valiant with the bigger challenge they needed to
be focusing on¡ªthe threat that felt so huge, it made Sophie want to
hand her wolf patch to an adult and say, ¡°Shouldn¡¯t this be your job?¡±
   ¡°Okay. Moving on,¡± she said, trying to sound as leaderlike as she
could. ¡°Since it sounds like King Enki might be difficult to work with,
I think we want to prepare as much as we can before we visit
Loamnore.¡±
   ¡°Uh-oh, are you about to give us the ¡®we need to do lots of research¡¯
speech?¡± Dex asked. ¡°Because it¡¯s not too late to change your mind!¡±

   ¡°We do need to do research,¡± Sophie insisted. ¡°But it doesn¡¯t have to
be hours and hours in the library. I think, in this case, we¡¯d be way
better off going straight to the source.¡±

   She motioned for everyone to follow her, and there was shockingly
little debate as Sandor, Bo, Flori, Lovise, and Woltzer took the lead and
their whole group made their way down the flower-lined path through
Havenfield¡¯s rolling pastures¡ªthough Biana and Stina did get
sidetracked when Wynn and Luna came trotting over for some
nuzzling.

   ¡°Are we teleporting somewhere?¡± Dex asked when they made it to
the Cliffside gate.

   ¡°You¡¯d better not be,¡± Sandor warned as Sophie squatted to undo
the lock.

   She shook her head. ¡°Not today.¡± And she couldn¡¯t help grinning
when she noticed how relieved Stina looked by the news¡ªbut her
smile faded when Dex turned very pale.

   ¡°Are we going where I think we¡¯re going?¡± he whispered.
   Sophie nodded, wishing she¡¯d thought to check with him when she
put this plan together. ¡°Is that a problem? If it is¡ª¡±
   ¡°No, it¡¯s fine,¡± Dex interrupted.
   But it didn¡¯t sound fine.
   ¡°You don¡¯t have to worry,¡± Lovise told him. ¡°You have me now.¡±
   ¡°Um¡­ where are we going?¡± Stina asked.
   Sophie chewed her lip, wondering if she should course-correct¡ªor
if that would only embarrass Dex.
   ¡°There¡¯s a cave down there,¡± Dex explained, making the decision for
her. ¡°It¡¯s¡­ where Sophie and I used to practice alchemy.¡±
   ¡°You mean the cave where the Neverseen grabbed you guys?¡± Biana
asked quietly.

   ¡°Yeah,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°But we don¡¯t have to¡ª¡±
   ¡°Yes, we do.¡± Dex stood up taller. ¡°If you can go back there, so can
I. Plus, we have five bodyguards with us.¡±
   ¡°Six,¡± Sophie corrected. ¡°Which is why we¡¯re going there¡ªyou¡¯ll see
what I mean in a minute.¡±
   ¡°Then lead the way,¡± he told her, gesturing to the now unlocked
gate.
   Sophie studied Dex a second longer and was about to reach for his
hand¡ªbut Biana beat her to it, making Dex jump a little as their
fingers twined together.
   Sophie smiled, definitely not missing the pink flush across Dex¡¯s
cheeks as she pulled open the gate. ¡°Okay, let¡¯s do this.¡±
   Sandor, Bo, and Woltzer drew their swords and marched down the
stairs ahead of them, with Flori and Lovise promising to bring up the
rear.
   ¡°I know that¡¯s supposed to make us feel safe,¡± Stina murmured,
watching the muscled bodies disappear around a bend in the stairs.
¡°And it does. But¡­ it also makes it worse somehow, doesn¡¯t it?¡±
   ¡°I know what you mean,¡± Sophie admitted.
   Having bodyguards meant needing bodyguards.
   But that was just another reason why they had to stay focused. None
of them would ever be safe as long as the Neverseen were out there.
   She had a feeling the rest of her friends were thinking the same
thing, because the mood of their group shifted during that descent.
And by the time they made it to the stretch of rocky beach leading up
to the infamous cave¡ªwhere their guards were already completing a
thorough safety inspection¡ªtheir jaws were set, shoulders squared,
eyes determined.
   ¡°So¡­ care to tell us what we¡¯re doing here, Lady Fos-Boss?¡± Biana
whispered as they slowly crossed through the cave¡¯s dark entrance.

   Sophie rubbed at her arms, trying to scrub away the goose bumps
that had popped up from the damp sand and the brisk air and the bad
memories. It wasn¡¯t her first time back in the cave since her abduction
¡ªbut that didn¡¯t make the flashbacks of cloaked figures and drugged
cloths any less vivid. ¡°Mr. Forkle suggested I talk to my dwarven
bodyguard¡ªNubiti¡ªto see what she can tell me about Loamnore,¡± she
explained. ¡°And I figured we should have that conversation
somewhere that won¡¯t bother her eyes.¡±

   She headed as deep into the shadows as her courage allowed, then
turned and stomped her feet in the pattern that Sandor and Grady had
taught her, sending grains of sand flying.

   Seventeen painfully silent seconds passed before the ground
rumbled and a small creature emerged from the earth, shaking sand
out of her brown, shaggy fur.

   Nubiti¡¯s nose was pointed, and her eyes were squinted slits, even in
the darkness. And her voice was as raspy as tumbling pebbles when
she dipped her head with a bow and asked, ¡°How can I help you, Miss
Foster?¡±

   ¡°Have you been listening to our conversations these last few days?¡±
Sophie asked, proud of herself for sounding casual, even though her
brain got a little weirded out talking to dwarves. It was like chatting
with a child-size mole.

   ¡°I have,¡± Nubiti confirmed, studying her hands, which had plenty of
long, sharp claws for digging. ¡°You wish to ask me about a threat to
my city.¡±

   ¡°Wow, so you guys really can eavesdrop that clearly?¡± Wylie asked,
tilting his head to study Nubiti from a different angle.
   ¡°Your voices carry far deeper into the earth than you realize,¡±
Nubiti informed him. ¡°Listening poses no challenge¡ªthough
understanding can be more difficult. Your species worries about such
unnecessary things.¡±

   ¡°Does that mean you don¡¯t think Loamnore¡¯s in danger?¡± Sophie
wondered.

   ¡°No.¡± Nubiti¡¯s voice was much calmer than Sophie felt as the small
dwarf crouched and ran her claws through the cold, clumpy sand. ¡°The
threat is as real as the worry you¡¯re carrying¡ªand the solution as
elusive as your dreams. Our king has done what he can, but he cannot
recover what has been lost without first finding it, and there is no trail
for us to follow, which is the true mystery.¡±

   ¡°Anyone else confused?¡± Dex whispered.
   ¡°I am,¡± Biana agreed, and Sophie noticed the two of them were still
holding hands.
   But she made herself concentrate on what Nubiti was saying. ¡°I¡¯m a
little confused too,¡± she admitted. ¡°What was lost?¡±
   Nubiti scooped up a fresh handful of sand and fished out a delicate
piece of blue sea glass. ¡°You already know that some in my species
have abandoned their people and formed an alliance with these
Neverseen from your world. I do not claim to understand their
motivation, nor can I guess their plan. But before they left Loamnore,
they¡­ altered the magsidian.¡±
   The last word was whispered, and yet it still seemed to bounce
around the cave, echoing out of the shadows.
   Magsidian was a rare, onyxlike stone that only the dwarves were
capable of mining, which was why the elves used it for security in
Exile. The dwarven guards could sense the presence of the gem and
know if a visitor had permission to be there, since they¡¯d only given
pieces of the stone to the Council.
   The Black Swan had also acquired at least one piece as well, which
they¡¯d once given to Sophie to use to find them.

   Magsidian changed properties depending on how it was shaped and
faceted.

   ¡°We have stones placed very specifically throughout our city,¡±
Nubiti went on, tucking the shard of sea glass among the shaggy
strands of her fur, ¡°carved to serve many needs. And several of those
stones were changed before the deserters left¡ªwhich is not new
information. Your Council is well aware, as is your father, Miss Foster.
Many inspections have been made on the altered magsidian¡ªas well
as many repairs. But no stone can ever be the same after it is altered.
Each new facet causes a permanent change. So we have been left with
a network that can achieve the same purpose, but it is not the same.¡±

   ¡°Is that what you meant by ¡®lost¡¯?¡± Sophie asked, trying to piece
together what Nubiti was saying.

   Nubiti shook her head. ¡°I meant the lost shards of magsidian,¡± she
said as she bent to scoop up another handful of sand.

   ¡°Shards?¡± Sophie glanced at her friends, hoping some of them were
following this better than she was.

   Stina seemed to be, because she asked, ¡°You mean the pieces the
deserters chiseled away when they altered the magsidian in
Loamnore?¡±

   ¡°Yes. They cut at least a dozen shards, some no larger than a
splinter, some similar in size to this.¡± Nubiti fished a second piece of
sea glass from the sand¡ªgreen this time, and about the size of a small
Lego. ¡°And there is no telling what those stones can do,¡± Nubiti
warned as she tucked the green glass among her fur. ¡°They are new
shapes, new sizes¡ªand for some reason we cannot feel them, no
matter how thoroughly we search.¡±

   ¡°That doesn¡¯t sound good,¡± Dex mumbled.
   ¡°It¡¯s not. Especially given what I now suspect is the source of the
stone, after listening to your conversations.¡± She moved to the wall of
the cave, trailing her claws along the jagged edges in the rock. ¡°Some
stone comes from the earth. Other stone falls from the sky. Magsidian
is a blend of both¡ªsomething new, created by a dark collision.¡±

   ¡°You mean a meteor?¡± Sophie asked.
   ¡°Yes and no. It was no ordinary rock that fell and fused with all it
touched. None of my people have a name for it because none of us
witnessed the impact. But the stone tells its own tale. One of shadows
and energy. One that feels elemental.¡±
   She left the word hanging there, waiting for someone to grab ahold
of it and make the connection that would forever raise the stakes of
what they were dealing with.
   And as the leader of Team Valiant, Sophie knew it was her job to
step up to the task. So she whispered, ¡°You think magsidian is made of
shadowflux.¡±
                FOURTEEN

COULD MAGSIDIAN WEAKEN TAM¡¯S ability if it were cut the right

way?¡± Biana suggested, earning a round of murmured agreement from
the rest of her teammates as Sophie added the question to the list they
were building.

   Nubiti had tunneled back into the sand not long after she¡¯d led
them to the shadowflux-magsidian revelation, and they¡¯d decided that
the meeting with Lady Zillah now needed to be their top priority. Stina
had hailed the Shade Mentor as soon as they¡¯d made it back to Calla¡¯s
Panakes tree, and Lady Zillah had been her usual intense,
uncooperative self. But she¡¯d agreed to have a ¡°brief conversation¡±
with Stina and Wylie the next day if they met her at her office in
Mysterium at noon¡ªsharp. And she¡¯d emphasized that it would be
brief. Which meant that Wylie and Stina needed to be prepared in
order to make the most of their limited time. So Sophie had rushed to
her room for a notebook and they¡¯d all gathered under the swaying
branches as they brainstormed¡ªwith Wynn and Luna trotting around,
causing plenty of distractions.

   But figuring out what to ask was proving to be more challenging
than Sophie had expected.

   The problem was, everything they¡¯d discovered seemed so abstract.
   So¡­ magsidian was made of shadowflux¡ªat least partially. And the
dwarves who¡¯d joined the Neverseen had stolen some pieces of the rare
stone before they left. And for some reason, the rest of the dwarves
couldn¡¯t feel any trace of those shards the way they could with other
magsidian, so they had no way of finding or recovering them.

   But what did any of that actually mean?
   And what did it have to do with Tam?
   Nubiti hadn¡¯t seemed to know, and was very reluctant to say any
more about it than she already had.
   And since there was no guarantee that Lady Zillah would know
much either, they were trying to come up with a mix of specific and
broad questions, hoping that something might help them figure out
what to do with this new information.
   So far, including the question that Biana had just added, they had:

 Did Lady Zillah know about the connection between shadowflux and
      magsidian?

 Are there any other physical manifestations of shadowflux that they
      should be aware of?

 What happens if magsidian comes into contact with shadowflux?
 Would any of the Shade skills that Tam had learned be more dangerous

      around magsidian?
 Could magsidian weaken Tam¡¯s ability if it were cut the right way?

   ¡°Do you think we should ask either the Council or the dwarves to
give Lady Zillah a piece of magsidian to experiment with?¡± Wylie
asked after Sophie had finished reading their list out loud again.

   ¡°Probably,¡± Sophie told him. ¡°But I don¡¯t know if it¡¯ll do much
good. She knows a lot about shadowflux, but she can¡¯t call for it or
control it herself.¡±

   Still, that was why Sophie had already taken the time to talk to
Grady, hail Councillor Oralie, and have Flori tell Mr. Forkle what
they¡¯d learned from Nubiti. And they¡¯d all wondered the same thing
Sophie had¡ªthe one question she¡¯d managed to ask Nubiti before she
disappeared underground again: Why had Nubiti waited so long to tell
anyone about this?

   Apparently, that had been King Enki¡¯s decision.
   Nubiti had only made the connection between magsidian and
shadowflux a couple of days earlier, when she¡¯d overheard Mr. Forkle
sharing his fears about Tam and the dwarven city with Sophie. And
she¡¯d gone straight to her king to see what he wanted her to do. But
he¡¯d disagreed that there was any cause for concern. He felt that the
cuts they¡¯d made to repair the damage in their existing magsidian
network had not only fixed the sabotage, but had enhanced their
overall security so well that it more than addressed any potential
threats that might arise from the stone¡¯s origin. So the last thing he
wanted was to have the elves demanding explanations for how the
system worked. He preferred to keep that information classified.
   He¡¯d actually ordered Nubiti not to share her theories with anyone
in the Lost Cities. And she¡¯d been trying her best to follow that order
¡ªbut she was also worried that King Enki had spent too long
underground, away from the dangers thriving on the planet¡¯s surface,
and was severely underestimating their enemies. So she¡¯d decided that
if any elves reached out to her, she¡¯d lead them to the information.
That way she wasn¡¯t disobeying, but she was still passing along a
warning in case the connection between shadowflux and magsidian
was significant. And while Nubiti hadn¡¯t asked Sophie to cover for her
whenever she and her friends met with King Enki, she¡¯d looked
immeasurably relieved when Sophie had promised to make it seem like
they¡¯d made the discovery on their own¡ªsince, in a way, they had.
   ¡°Anyone have anything else to add?¡± Sophie asked, scanning their
list again and wishing it were longer.
   ¡°I think that covers it pretty well,¡± Dex assured her. ¡°Especially
since her answers will probably make them come up with additional
questions while they¡¯re there.¡±
   ¡°And you don¡¯t think we should all go?¡± Sophie had to ask.
   When they¡¯d decided to split up for the meeting, the conversation

hadn¡¯t felt nearly as important.
   ¡°Ugh, don¡¯t go getting all ¡®I have to be a part of everything¡¯ now,¡±

Stina grumbled.
   ¡°This isn¡¯t about me,¡± Sophie insisted. ¡°I just think it might be good

to have all of us there, since any of us could catch something the others
don¡¯t.¡±

   ¡°Eh, I think that¡¯ll freak Lady Zillah out,¡± Stina argued. ¡°You heard
her¡ªshe already sounded super suspicious. And I can¡¯t really blame
her for that. It¡¯s gotta be weird having your only prodigy working with
the enemy¡ª¡±

   ¡°Tam¡¯s not working with them,¡± Biana interrupted. ¡°He¡¯s basically
their prisoner.¡±

   Stina shrugged. ¡°Just because he¡¯s not doing it by choice doesn¡¯t
mean he¡¯s not still helping them. And hey¡ªI¡¯m not judging. I¡¯d
probably make the same decision if the Neverseen were threatening
my parents. But that doesn¡¯t change the fact that every time he
cooperates, he¡¯s technically contributing to their plans. And I¡¯m sure
Lady Zillah¡¯s not happy that the stuff she taught Tam might be used to
hurt someone¡ªor lots of someones, depending on what the Neverseen
are getting ready for. So I¡¯m betting she¡¯s a little nervous to answer
questions about Tam¡¯s lessons. And if five of us show up when she¡¯s
only agreed to meet with two of us, I think she¡¯ll freak out and refuse
to cooperate.¡±

   ¡°Stina¡¯s right,¡± Biana agreed, crinkling her nose like those words
pained her a little. ¡°I think we should let her and Wylie handle this. If
we feel like they missed something, we can always ask for another
meeting¡ªand if Lady Zillah won¡¯t agree, we¡¯ll just show up at her
office and not leave until she answers our questions.¡±

   ¡°I guess.¡± Sophie studied the questions one more time to make sure
her photographic memory had completely captured them before she
tore the page out of her notebook and offered it to Wylie. ¡°You¡¯re
meeting briefly with Lady Zillah at noon, right? Then I¡¯m going to hail
you guys at one for an update¡ªand I want to know everything she said.
Take notes if you don¡¯t think you¡¯ll be able to remember it all.¡±

   She wouldn¡¯t let go of the paper until he nodded¡ªeven when Stina
mumbled something about bossy Droolmonsters.

   ¡°I¡¯m assuming you¡¯ll update Dex and me after that?¡± Biana asked.
   ¡°Of course,¡± Sophie promised.
   ¡°Good. And I¡¯ll hail Bronte as soon as I¡¯m home to see if I can set up
a meeting¡ªbut I doubt he¡¯ll agree to anything right away. And I
should probably update my dad about some of this and see if he has
any thoughts or advice¡ªor, wait, am I allowed to do that? Is all of our
team information classified?¡±
   ¡°From the general populace, yes. But Alden¡¯s an Emissary with the
highest level of clearance, so it won¡¯t be a problem,¡± Grady told her,
making all of them jump¡ªand making Sophie wonder how long he¡¯d
been eavesdropping.
   Apparently long enough for Grady to also know to ask, ¡°Why do you
need to meet with Councillor Bronte?¡±
   Biana¡¯s eyes darted to Sophie, and Sophie gave the tiniest possible
head shake.
   Grady and Edaline were being way cooler about the search for her
biological parents than Sophie had ever expected them to be. But she
had a feeling the Bronte theory might be a bit too¡­ head-explode-y,
given the implications. So it seemed better to wait until she had
confirmation before she hit them with that kind of bombshell.
   Plus¡­ she really didn¡¯t want to have to live through any more
Bronte-related conversations. She¡¯d already had enough of those to last
two lifetimes.

   ¡°I wanted to see if he knows when we¡¯ll be announcing our
appointment as Regents,¡± Biana told Grady¡ªwhich sounded like a
perfectly legitimate explanation to Sophie.

   But Grady did not look convinced.
   Sophie was bracing for him to call them out when Dex jumped in.
¡°So does that mean I can¡¯t tell my parents about anything we¡¯re
working on?¡± he asked. ¡°Since they¡¯re not Emissaries?¡±
   ¡°If you were a normal Regent, the answer would be yes,¡± Grady
admitted. ¡°But your age might change things. Your family may have a
right to know at least a little about what you¡¯re investigating, in case it
puts you in danger. So you should probably double-check with the
Council.¡±
   ¡°What about the Black Swan?¡± Wylie wondered. ¡°The Council must
assume I¡¯m going to tell Tiergan.¡±
   ¡°Probably. But it can¡¯t hurt to verify,¡± Grady suggested. ¡°They may
want all communication with the Black Swan to funnel through Mr.
Forkle.¡±
   ¡°I guess I can ask,¡± Wylie said, shoving some Panakes blossoms into
his pocket as he stood and pulled out his home crystal. Stina and Biana
did the same, right down to collecting some of the healing flowers to
take with them¡ªwhich was smart, considering how many lives the
Panakes blossoms had saved.
   But Dex stayed seated in the soft grass, and it was clear that he was
lingering for a reason.
   Sophie had no idea what he needed, but for the first time in a long
time, she didn¡¯t feel any awkward worry about it. Even when Biana
noticed¡ªand frowned a little¡ªSophie just smiled and asked her to let
Fitz know she¡¯d hail him as soon as she caught up on a few other
things.

   And once Biana had leaped away¡ªand Grady had wandered off to
help the gnomes with the gorgodon feeding¡ªSophie almost wanted to
hug Dex again, so they could marvel at how far their friendship had
come.

   But that probably would¡¯ve been a little weird.
   Plus, she didn¡¯t want to distract him from whatever he¡¯d stayed
there to tell her.
   ¡°So what¡¯s up?¡± she asked as Dex stood and offered a hand.
   ¡°I checked in with Keefe this morning,¡± he said, helping her to her
feet, ¡°to find out when he wanted to go to the Forbidden Cities so I
could set up the cameras to watch for that guy he remembered. But Ro
started shouting in the background about chaining him to a porch
swing. So he said I needed to talk to you, and then he launched into
this long speech about how we both needed to bring him back a bunch
of biscuits to apologize for ditching him¡ªat least that¡¯s what I think
he said. There was a lot of talk about Jammie Dodgers and Jaffa Cakes
and Digestives¡ªno idea what those are. But he said you¡¯d know¡ªor
that you should, and if you didn¡¯t, I needed to tell you to be ashamed of
yourself.¡±
   ¡°Uh, except I grew up in America, not England,¡± Sophie argued,
even though she actually had heard of a few of those cookies¡ªbiscuits
¡ªwhatever she was supposed to call them. But she doubted Dex cared
about human regional snack variations. So she focused on the actual
important subject. ¡°When do you want to go?¡±
   He shrugged. ¡°Totally up to you. I know we have a ton going on.¡±
   ¡°We do. But Keefe¡¯s missing memories are super important too. So
whenever you¡¯re ready, we should get moving on that.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m ready,¡± Dex assured her. ¡°I know exactly what I need to do. I
just need to get there. We could seriously go now if you wanted.¡±

   ¡°Now?¡± Sophie repeated. ¡°You don¡¯t need any tools or¡ª¡±
   ¡°Nope, got all the tools I need right here.¡± He held out his hands,
wiggling his fingers with a proud grin. ¡°And it shouldn¡¯t take me long
either. Five to ten minutes, tops.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m going to interrupt right there,¡± Sandor said, stalking over with
his hand gripping his sword. ¡°Because I know what you¡¯re thinking.
And no.¡±
   ¡°I wasn¡¯t¡ª¡± Sophie tried to argue, but Sandor shook his head.
   ¡°Yes, you were. And I repeat: no.¡±
   ¡°I agree,¡± Lovise added. ¡°No one is going to any Forbidden Cities
right now. Don¡¯t even think about it.¡±
   Sophie hadn¡¯t been¡ªat least not seriously.
   But¡­ now that they were making her really consider it, she had to
ask, ¡°Why not?¡±
   The sun hadn¡¯t set yet, so they had time before she¡¯d need to go to
bed.
   And she didn¡¯t have anything urgent to do¡ªwhich might not be
true the next day, or the day after that. Things changed quickly when it
came to the Neverseen, and the Council, and all the projects they were
juggling.
   If they actually had a free moment, they should probably take
advantage of it.
   ¡°You need more time to prepare,¡± Sandor told her, grabbing her
shoulders and pressing down like he was afraid she might try
levitating any second.
   ¡°Do we, though?¡± she countered. ¡°You heard Dex¡ªall he needs is
five to ten minutes. And our clothes aren¡¯t that elf-y.¡±
   She gestured to her outfit: a blue silk tunic with embroidered purple
flowers along the waistline, paired with black gloves, black leggings,
and knee-high black boots.

   It might not be ¡°fashionable¡± in the human world¡ªor maybe it was.
She¡¯d been gone long enough that she had no idea¡ªnot that she¡¯d ever
really cared about that kind of thing. But either way, she knew no one
would think she was wearing anything strange.

   And Dex¡¯s gray jerkin kind of made him look like he was wearing a
vest¡ªwhich would probably blend in super well in London. Didn¡¯t
their businessmen wear waistcoats?

   She¡¯d also definitely seen enough pictures of London to teleport
them there¡ªthough she wasn¡¯t sure which part of the city to head for.
They¡¯d need to go somewhere with a lot of security cameras, so¡­

   Maybe Big Ben?
   Or the Tower Bridge?
   Or that big Ferris wheel thing¡ªwhat was it called? The London
Eye?
   ¡°Stop thinking about it, Sophie,¡± Sandor ordered. ¡°It¡¯s not
happening.¡±
   ¡°What if I say you can come with us?¡± she countered.
   Bringing a seven-foot-tall gray goblin to London definitely wouldn¡¯t
be ideal. But if it got Sandor to cooperate¡­
   ¡°I¡¯m sure Grady has an obscurer we can borrow,¡± she told him.
¡°And you can wear one of his hooded capes, just to be safe. It¡¯s London
¡ªit¡¯ll be foggy and raining and you¡¯ll blend right in. But just you,¡± she
added, glancing at Bo. Bringing an ogre to a human city would be a
terrible idea. ¡°It¡¯ll be such a quick trip, I¡¯m only going to need one
bodyguard.¡±
   ¡°Exactly,¡± Dex jumped in.
   ¡°You¡¯re not going anywhere without me,¡± Lovise told him, grabbing
his arm and pulling him to her side.

   ¡°Fine,¡± Dex told her, ¡°we¡¯ll get you a cloak too¡ªthough it¡¯s
seriously ridiculous. The whole thing will be super fast. I bet if we¡¯d left
already, instead of standing here arguing about it, we¡¯d be back by
now.¡±

   ¡°The length of the trip is not the issue!¡± Lovise snapped. ¡°It takes
seconds to deliver a killing blow or to steal away a hostage. What you
need is proper preparation! We cannot embark on such an excursion
without scouting the area, planning escape routes, gathering the
necessary weapons¡ª¡±

   ¡°Eh, you¡¯re forgetting about the power of spontaneity,¡± Dex
interrupted. ¡°It¡¯s the easiest way to stay ahead of your enemies: Don¡¯t
plan anything. Just do whatever you need to do the moment you need
to do it and leave them struggling to keep up.¡±

   The glare Lovise shot him made it clear she was not a fan of being
spontaneous.

   ¡°Dex has a point,¡± Sophie insisted.
   ¡°I have a better one,¡± Sandor said, crossing his arms and
straightening to his full height. ¡°I can end this right now by calling for
your father and asking what he thinks of this plan. Is that what you
want me to do?¡±
   ¡°No need,¡± Grady said behind them, and everyone whipped around
to find him standing with a bundle of swizzlespice¡ªand Wynn and
Luna bounding around him, begging for the treats.
   His eyes met Sophie¡¯s, and between the deep creases across his
forehead and the hard set of his jaw, Sophie assumed Sandor was about
to be very smug.
   But after Grady finished unleashing a shoulder-heaving sigh, he
mumbled, ¡°I can¡¯t believe I¡¯m saying this¡ªespecially since I¡¯ve only
caught bits and pieces of why this needs to happen, but¡­ assuming
there¡¯s a good reason, they might as well go now. They¡¯re Regents, so
the Council won¡¯t punish them for visiting a Forbidden City. And Dex
has a point about spontaneity. The Neverseen would definitely expect
us to calculate a visit like this for days¡ªor at least hours. Going so
suddenly¡ªespecially for such a brief amount of time¡ªprobably is the
safest way to do it. And as far as the humans go¡±¡ªhe tossed the
swizzlespice to the begging baby alicorns and reached into one of the
many pockets lining his pants, fishing out a small black orb¡ª¡°I¡¯ve
learned to keep an obscurer on hand, since I never know when you
guys might need one in a hurry.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯re seriously okay with this?¡± Sophie asked as he handed the
gadget to Dex.

   ¡°¡®Okay¡¯ isn¡¯t the right word,¡± he told her. ¡°More like¡­ I¡¯m resigning
myself to the fact that among a number of less-than-ideal options, this
one might not be completely horrible. But I¡¯d recommend going soon,
before I change my mind.¡±

   Sophie had to blink a couple of times to make sure she was truly
awake and living this rare moment of cooperation.

   ¡°I trust you,¡± Grady told her, holding her gaze before he shifted
focus to Dex and added, ¡°and I trust you. And I trust Sandor to keep
you both safe. And I trust that all three of you will be back in ten
minutes. Not eleven. Not twelve. Definitely not thirteen. Ten¡ª
maximum. Which does mean that nine and under is perfectly fine.¡±

   He unfastened his navy blue cloak and held it out to Sandor, who
looked far from thrilled as he pinned it across his shoulders. The fabric
barely hung past his thighs, but when he stooped, he looked kind of
like an old, hunched man¡ªwith a quick glance, at least.

   ¡°And Lovise is going to need this,¡± Edaline said behind them,
making everyone spin around again. She snapped her fingers to
conjure up a bundle of thick black fabric and handed it to Dex¡¯s
bodyguard before moving to stand beside Grady. ¡°That¡¯s the longest
cloak I own. You¡¯ll still have to hunch, but it¡¯ll only be for ten minutes
¡ªright?¡±

   She directed the last question to Sophie, smiling when Sophie
nodded. And Sophie was struck by such an overwhelming mix of
shock, gratitude, and love for her adoptive parents that it nearly
knocked her back a step.

   Grady and Edaline had been through so much heartache, and yet
they¡¯d still welcomed her into their family, loving her despite all the
stress and danger she¡¯d brought into their lives. And somehow they¡¯d
gotten to a point where they trusted her enough to support a crazy
plan like this?

   It made her remember what Biana had said about Grady and
Edaline being the family that mattered. And she found herself
sprinting over and pulling them into a strangle-hug.

   Grady laughed. ¡°Don¡¯t get too grateful there, kiddo. Remember, I¡¯m
only giving you ten minutes. Then I¡¯m turning on the trackers that
Sandor sews into your clothes and sending Bo after you.¡±

   Bo flashed a rather ominous, pointed-toothed grin, and Sophie
found herself needing to check with Dex. ¡°You really can get it done
that fast, right?¡±

   He looked a little less certain than he had a few minutes earlier¡ªbut
he squared his shoulders and told her, ¡°I¡¯ve got this.¡±

   ¡°You do,¡± she agreed.
   ¡°We do,¡± he corrected, holding out his hand.
   Sophie gave her parents one more squeeze before she pulled away
and reached for Dex, leading him through the pastures, toward the
Cliffside gate.
   She figured they might as well jump this time. Make it a true leap of
faith.

   And even though Sandor and Lovise were clearly less than thrilled
with this development, they made no further protests¡ªeven when
their small group stepped to the cliff¡¯s edge.

   Waves churned below, and a cold, salty breeze whipped through
Sophie¡¯s hair as she rallied her concentration and pictured where they
were heading.

   ¡°Okay,¡± she said, grabbing Sandor¡¯s hand as Lovise clung to Dex.
¡°Let¡¯s go to London!¡±

¡°What is this place?¡± Dex asked, squinting through the bars of the
iron-and-gold gate, at the large stone structure beyond, which looked¡­

   A little plain, if Sophie was being honest.
   Sure, there were intricate columns. And rows of windows. And a
very recognizable balcony. And Sophie was positive that if she went
inside, she¡¯d find an abundance of chandeliers and tapestries and
antiques and paintings¡ªnot to mention the immaculate flower beds
and pristine lawn behind them, along with a huge, fancy fountain.
   But¡­ after living in a world of jeweled cities and crystal castles,
there just wasn¡¯t as much sparkle as there should be¡ªespecially
considering where they were.
   She¡¯d been planning to take Dex to Westminster Abbey, but as
they¡¯d crashed their way through the void, she¡¯d realized that if they
were looking for a spot in London with a lot of security cameras,
Buckingham Palace was probably the best place to go.
   ¡°This is the queen¡¯s residence in London,¡± she told Dex as she tried
to find a less crowded spot to stand in, even though no one seemed to
be paying them any attention.
   Dex squinted at the palace. ¡°Their queen is a white-haired lady,
right? I think I saw some pictures of her when I was researching about
the cameras.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, Queen Elizabeth,¡± Sophie said. ¡°I don¡¯t know much about
her. Just that she likes little dogs and wears a lot of hats. And I think
that flag means she¡¯s actually here right now.¡± She pointed to the red,
gold, and blue standard flying from a pole in the center of the palace,
instead of the British Union Jack. ¡°Same with the fact that there are
four of those guys instead of two.¡±

   She nudged her chin toward the four members of the queen¡¯s guard,
standing stolid and motionless in what appeared to be narrow blue
houses. The soldier¡¯s faces looked blank, but Sophie had no doubt their
eyes were seeing everything, and it made her hope the obscurer was
keeping them hidden¡ªespecially when she noticed their guns.

   ¡°So wait¡ªthe dorky guys in the red coats with the big furry hats are
important?¡± Dex asked, covering his mouth to block a giggle. ¡°And you
had the nerve to complain about our Foxfire uniforms!¡±

   ¡°Hey¡ªI never had to wear anything like that. That¡¯s strictly a
British soldier thing!¡±

   ¡°Soldier?¡± Dex repeated, frowning at the guards. ¡°So¡­ is that
uniform supposed to be intimidating? Because I feel like if a dude
marched up to an army of ogres wearing that, he¡¯d mostly get laughed
at.¡±

   ¡°Goblins definitely wouldn¡¯t be able to suppress their snickers,¡±
Sandor noted, his lips twitching with a smile.

   ¡°I think it¡¯s supposed to be traditional,¡± Sophie told them,
shrugging. ¡°I don¡¯t know. Like I said, I grew up in the U.S. Soldiers
wear camouflage over there.¡±

   Dex shook his head. ¡°It¡¯s so weird to me, the way humans divide up
their own species. Don¡¯t they realize they¡¯d be stronger as a larger,
united group?¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t think they care,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°They don¡¯t know that

they need to be stronger, you know? They have no idea that there are
elves or goblins or ogres or trolls or dwarves or gnomes to think
about.¡±

   And Sophie was struck, in that moment, by how truly other she felt
standing there, watching the crowds of tourists posing for selfies
outside the palace, with buses and cars driving past and a light drizzle
peppering her skin¡ªand it wasn¡¯t just because London was such a
very different place from San Diego, where she grew up.

   The air felt too heavy in her lungs¡ªthick from all the pollution.
And the smell of chemicals and car exhaust turned her stomach.

   And the noise.
   Even with her mind shielded from the bombardment of blaring
human thoughts, everything was still so very loud. Shouted snatches of
conversations. Sirens and car horns. The steady banging of some
nearby construction project.
   It made her truly appreciate how peaceful and calm the Lost Cities
always felt, despite the problems her home was facing.
   And yet, even with that thought rattling around her mind, she
couldn¡¯t help taking another look at the humans around her. And all
she could see were smiles and hugs and laughter.
   Humans definitely posed a challenge.
   But¡­ they were worth protecting.
   Sandor cleared his throat, snapping her out of her strange musings
when he warned them, ¡°You¡¯ve now used up one minute and thirty
seconds of the ten minutes your father gave you. So I suggest you get
to work.¡±
   Dex nodded, leading their group along the perimeter of the palace,
studying several of the black cameras before settling on one that jutted
out from the wall on a hooked black arm.
   ¡°Can I get a boost?¡± he asked Lovise, who didn¡¯t look thrilled about

the idea of lifting Dex onto her shoulders so he could reach the camera
more easily¡ªand Sophie wasn¡¯t in love with the position either, mostly
because it would draw all kinds of attention to them if the obscurer
stopped working.

   Sandor kept one hand gripping his sword as he scanned the crowd
for signs of a threat.

   And Sophie stood there doing¡­
   Nothing.
   ¡°Need any help?¡± she asked Dex, craning her neck to see what he
was up to.
   He¡¯d pressed his fingertips against the camera, murmuring
something under his breath that she couldn¡¯t hear. And whatever he
was doing made the camera flash.
   For one nerve-racking second, Sophie was sure they would be
spotted. But then Dex let go and told Lovise to put him down.
   ¡°Okay, we¡¯re all set!¡± he announced, pointing to the panic-switch
ring he always wore. ¡°Now I¡¯ll get an alert anytime their camera
network records anyone who looks like that guy Keefe drew. Hopefully
it¡¯ll only take a few days for him to show up in the system. I¡¯ll hail you
the second I hear anything. And look at that¡ªwe still have at least five
minutes to spare! Man, I¡¯m good! Come on, Sandor, you can say it.
Who¡¯s the Lord of Awesome?¡±
   Sandor gritted his teeth. ¡°I¡¯ll save any compliments for when we¡¯re
safely back at Havenfield five minutes early.¡±
   Which definitely would¡¯ve been the smart thing for them to do.
   But Sophie had spotted a cluttered shop and decided that cheering
up Keefe was a better use of that extra time. So with Dex¡¯s help at a
nearby ATM, she was able to make a very creative withdrawal through
her elvin birth fund, and she used that cash to buy all the weird British
biscuits that Keefe had requested¡ªplus some called Hobnobs, and
some called Custard Creams, and several bars of Cadbury chocolate,
and a few boxes of proper English tea.

   And as they leaped home¡ªwith thirty seconds to spare¡ªshe
couldn¡¯t believe how easy it had been.

   Maybe Dex was onto something with the whole ¡°spontaneity¡± thing.
   But she should¡¯ve known that the universe would never let her day
end with something so easy.
   Mr. Forkle was waiting for her in the Havenfield pastures¡ªalong
with Grady and Edaline¡ªand the dented line in the grass made it clear
that all three of them had been pacing.
   ¡°What¡¯s wrong?¡± Sophie asked, dropping her bag of biscuits.
   ¡°Nothing,¡± Mr. Forkle told her, shuffling forward and retrieving her
snacks with his ruckleberry-swollen hands.
   ¡°Then why are you here?¡± she countered, glancing over his shoulder
at Grady and Edaline, who looked¡­ tired.
   Or maybe ¡°wary¡± was a better word.
   Mr. Forkle handed Dex her bag and turned to pace again, his
bloated legs moving slower than usual.
   Sophie assumed he was about to demand a lot of information about
why they¡¯d been in London. Instead, he told her, ¡°I¡¯m here because I
never anticipated the Council¡¯s decision to appoint you as a Regent.
And as far as I know, my brother didn¡¯t either. It makes me wish he
were here, so we could talk through the implications together. But
that¡­ is not possible.¡± He cleared his throat. ¡°So it seems the best
option is to allow you to make your own decision, even though it will
be no simple choice.¡±
   ¡°What decision?¡± Sophie asked, jumping when Dex hooked his arm
around hers.
   She hadn¡¯t noticed how unsteady her legs felt until she had someone
to keep her better balanced.

   ¡°It¡¯s multifaceted,¡± Mr. Forkle told her, ¡°so I think it might be best
to take you somewhere that will help the advantages and consequences
feel far more real than they ever will standing here, surrounded by
sunshine and grazing animals.¡±

   ¡°Sunset,¡± Grady corrected.
   ¡°Grady¡¯s right,¡± Edaline said. ¡°If this is going to be a long, drawn-
out process, don¡¯t you think it would be best to wait until the
morning?¡±
   ¡°I wondered the same thing before I made my way over,¡± Mr. Forkle
admitted. ¡°But¡­ I fear I may have already waited too long.¡±
   He turned to Sophie, offering her his right hand as his left hand
held a crystal up to the light.
   A blue crystal.
   The kind that only led to the Forbidden Cities.
   ¡°Come with me, Miss Foster, if you think you might be ready,¡± he
said quietly.
   ¡°Ready for what?¡± Sophie asked as Sandor jumped in front of her
and Dex tightened his hold on her arm.
   ¡°You may come with us,¡± Mr. Forkle told Sandor, shuffling around
him with an unexpected amount of agility. ¡°You may not, Mr. Dizznee.
This is a moment best kept between Miss Foster and me.¡±
   Dex raised his eyebrows at Sophie, clearly not sure if she wanted
him to let go.
   Sophie felt just as uncertain, since that meant it probably had
nothing to do with where they¡¯d just been.
   ¡°Ready for what?¡± she repeated.
   Mr. Forkle stepped closer, offering his hand again. His eyes had
never looked more ancient¡ªor more desperate for her to listen to him
¡ªas he said, ¡°Ready to face the truth behind one of your powers.¡±
                  FIFTEEN

SOPHIE RECOGNIZED THE ELEGANT TUDOR manor with cut-glass

windows and its vibrant green lawn even before the world had fully
glittered back into focus. And the realization of where she was made
her smile and feel like she¡¯d had her legs kicked out from underneath
her at the same time.

   ¡°This is my human family¡¯s house,¡± she whispered, needing to say it
out loud to make her brain accept it.

   As that reality sank in, so did the icy panic. ¡°Are they in danger?¡±
   ¡°They¡¯re perfectly safe,¡± Mr. Forkle assured her, tightening his grip
on her hand to stop her from sprinting up the driveway and tearing
open the front door.
   Sandor drew his sword anyway, sniffing the air as he scanned every
tree, shrub, and shadow.
   ¡°You can relax,¡± Mr. Forkle told him. ¡°I¡¯ve taken numerous
precautions to ensure that our visit today poses no risk to Miss
Foster¡¯s family¡ªor to ourselves. Including bringing one of these.¡± He
removed an obscurer from his pocket. ¡°What would the neighbors
think if they saw a goblin warrior waving around a sword?¡± His smile
faded as his eyes shifted back to Sophie. ¡°After what happened with
Vespera at Nightfall, I¡¯ve made it a habit to check on your family every
single day. Most of the time I simply observe them through a Spyball.
But occasionally I¡¯ll hail your sister to ask a few questions or¡ª¡±
   ¡°You do?¡± Sophie had to interrupt.
   She couldn¡¯t decide if she was touched, nervous, or really, really
jealous when he nodded.

   ¡°It¡¯s the best way to assess their situation,¡± Mr. Forkle explained.
¡°Though sometimes I¡¯ll also leap here to walk the grounds and search
for signs of trouble¡ªwhich I¡¯ve never found any trace of, by the way.
And none of that has anything to do with why I¡¯ve brought you here. I
simply wanted you to know that your human family is being thoroughly
monitored and protected.¡± His forehead creased with a much deeper
kind of wrinkle than the lines caused by the ruckleberries. ¡°I¡¯m the one
who dragged them into all of this without their knowledge or
permission, so you have my word that I¡¯ll do everything in my power to
ensure that nothing bad will ever happen to them again.¡±

   ¡°Then why are we here?¡± Sophie asked.
   Mr. Forkle turned his face toward the sun, which Sophie realized
was still several hours away from setting.
   Her brain had started to calculate what that meant as far as the
relative time zones between where she lived at Havenfield and where
they were¡ªuntil he told her, ¡°I brought you here to give you your
missing memory back.¡±
   Sophie froze as something dark and buried¡ªbut never gone¡ª
stirred deep inside of her, and a pair of terrified green eyes flashed
through her mind, along with a piercing scream.
   Sophie, please¡ªstop!
   She stumbled back, crashing into a wall that was both lumpy and
solid and somehow moving, not realizing it was Sandor until he spun
her around, taking her shoulders and shaking her gently.
   ¡°Do you need us to get you back to Flori?¡± he asked, his voice even
squeakier from the worry. ¡°You¡¯ve gone pale, like you do whenever the
echoes are stirring.¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Sophie said, refusing to give the darkness that kind of control
again.

   She closed her eyes, imagining her mental strength as a glowing
sphere, letting it grow bigger and bigger and bigger until she could
shape it into something more useful. She chose a giant cartoon-size
mallet, then pictured it pounding at the threads of black that were
curling into a much-too-familiar clawed shape¡ªBang! Bang! Bang!¡ª
until the darkness was nothing more than a smear of shadow.

   She washed away the last of the black by replaying her happiest
memories.

   Silveny nuzzling her tiny babies after they¡¯d safely emerged from the
makeshift hive.

   Fitz twirling her around in his arms.
   Dex hugging her without any awkwardness.
   Keefe clinging to her hand, like she was the only thing holding him
together.
   Grady and Edaline telling her they loved her.
   ¡°Okay,¡± she whispered. ¡°It¡¯s under control now.¡±
   ¡°I still think we should take you home and have you rest,¡± Sandor
said, turning to Mr. Forkle. ¡°Surely you agree.¡±
   Mr. Forkle dragged his hands down his face. ¡°I¡­ should¡¯ve thought
to bring Flori. It slipped my mind, like so many things, now that
there¡¯s only half of me. Though, honestly, this entire process seems
determined to be fraught with challenges. I¡¯ll never understand why
one failure seems so ready to chain itself to another and another. But
that has been the case from the minute this memory became a part of
our story. And each new trouble seems to outdo the others¡ªthough I
suppose nothing has been worse than the moment at the hospital.¡±
   ¡°You mean when my allergy nearly killed me?¡± Sophie clarified,
pulling free of Sandor to prove she could stand on her own.
   ¡°Definitely not a moment I want to live again,¡± Mr. Forkle
whispered. ¡°And yet, it may be unavoidable.¡­¡±

   ¡°Um, what does that mean?¡± Sophie asked, backing a step away, as
if Mr. Forkle was about to lunge for her with a giant syringe full of
limbium.

   He cleared his throat several times, then straightened and smoothed
his hair. ¡°All will be fine, Miss Foster. One problem at a time.¡±

   ¡°Okay, now I want to know what that means too,¡± Sophie noted.
   ¡°As do I,¡± Sandor agreed, positioning himself between Sophie and
Mr. Forkle.
   Mr. Forkle¡¯s laugh was mostly a wheeze. ¡°I suppose I can¡¯t blame
you for those reactions. But I assure you, this visit is entirely about
returning Miss Foster¡¯s memory.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s head rang with another ghostly scream.
   ¡°There, see?¡± Sandor said as Sophie imagined another giant glowing
mallet smashing the newest shadows to smithereens. ¡°You¡¯re not up
for this. We need to take you¡ª¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Sophie interrupted, stumbling away from everyone to get
some fresh air.
   She¡¯d spent years trying to beg, bribe, trick, or steal back her
missing memory¡ªand then weeks running from it after she¡¯d
recovered that terrible piece.
   But¡­ not knowing didn¡¯t change anything.
   Whatever had happened, happened, whether she remembered it or
not.
   Sophie, please¡ªstop!
   ¡°I¡¯ll be fine,¡± she said, taking slow, steady breaths as she closed her
eyes and replayed more happy memories.
   ¡°I don¡¯t think you will be,¡± Sandor said quietly. ¡°At least wait until
we¡¯re somewhere that Flori can help¡ª¡±
   ¡°You are,¡± a muffled voice told them as the ground parted by the
nearest tree and Flori emerged from among the tangled roots. She
shook the dirt and pebbles out of her plaited hair and sang a few soft
lyrics to make the tunnel close behind her, each blade of grass falling
perfectly back into place as if the hole had never been there.

   ¡°How did you¡ª¡± Sophie started.
   Flori flashed a green-toothed smile. ¡°Nubiti and I have recently
discovered that the language of the earth is connected to the language
of everything that grows within it. I can¡¯t understand every word she
says, but I can catch the basics, and it makes her able to reach me
immediately¡ªand the same is true when I need to reach her.¡±
   Mr. Forkle frowned.
   Sophie could tell his mind was flooding with just as many questions
as hers was. But he simply stomped twice and called, ¡°Thank you,¡±
toward the ground, before he repeated the sentiment to Flori.
   Flori nodded, already humming her healing song as she made her
way to Sophie¡¯s side and took her hands, swaying back and forth.
Sophie closed her eyes, unable to deny how much it helped to feel the
soft sounds sinking under her skin like one of Elwin¡¯s balms. And
when Flori was finished, she had to hug the tiny gnome.
   ¡°You did not need me this time,¡± Flori whispered, trailing her
fingers across Sophie¡¯s shoulders. ¡°You¡¯re growing stronger and
stronger with each brighter day. But I¡¯m still happy to make your
struggle easier, so you can save your energy for the larger battles.¡±
   Sophie squeezed her tighter, breathing in Flori¡¯s earthy scent, which
reminded her so much of Calla that it made her heart both lighter and
heavier. And when she¡¯d soaked up every possible drop of strength,
she let go and stood to face Mr. Forkle. ¡°Okay. If you want to give me
back my memory, I¡¯m ready. But¡­ I don¡¯t understand why you brought
me here to do it.¡±
   He turned to the stately manor, his gaze centering on one of the
upstairs windows. ¡°You¡¯re not the only one who needs to have a
memory returned.¡±

   ¡°What?¡± Sophie raced in front of him, shaking her head so hard, it
made her neck hurt. ¡°No. We¡¯re not doing that. Amy doesn¡¯t¡­¡±

   Her voice trailed off as her sister¡¯s screams flooded her mind.
   Sophie, please¡ªstop!
   ¡°No,¡± she repeated as Flori started humming again.
   Mr. Forkle wrung the edge of his cape. ¡°How much have you
remembered?¡±
   ¡°Not much,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°Just that¡­ I hurt Amy somehow. She
was begging me to stop.¡± Her voice cracked, and she turned away,
wiping her eyes. ¡°What did I do to her?¡±
   ¡°That is a question better shown, not told,¡± Mr. Forkle said as he
slowly stepped around her.
   Sophie scrambled in front of him again. ¡°Maybe it is¡ªbut you¡¯re
only showing it to me. She doesn¡¯t need to know that.¡±
   He slipped by her again, his steps more determined. ¡°She
disagrees.¡±
   The words took a couple of seconds to sink in. ¡°Wait. Amy knows
about this?¡±
   ¡°Of course. We talked at length this morning. Mind you, I didn¡¯t
give her any more specifics than I¡¯ve given you. But I made it clear that
it was a difficult moment for both of you, and that I thought it would
be best if you faced those complicated truths together. And she agreed.
She¡¯s far stronger than you¡¯re giving her credit for. She¡¯s¡­¡± His steps
faltered for a beat, and his voice had thickened when he added, ¡°She¡¯s
something I never expected. I knew I¡¯d be aiding your parents in the
birth of one child, and that it was possible they might have children on
their own afterward. But I¡¯ll admit, when your mother told me she¡¯d
gotten pregnant again, I was mostly concerned about how that would
complicate things for you. Your differences from humans would be
more noticeable with another child providing a constant direct
comparison¡ªand your sister had no problem teasing you as she got
older, which sometimes posed a challenge, like it did in your lost
memory. But¡­ there was something so special about the bond you two
formed. And that connection shouldn¡¯t be ignored, especially when
you¡¯re facing a decision like this.¡±

   ¡°And what decision is that?¡± Sophie demanded.
   ¡°One thing at a time,¡± he told her. ¡°First, we must give you all the
facts.¡±
   ¡°But¡ª¡±
   Loud barking cut her off.
   They¡¯d gotten close enough to the house for her family¡¯s beagle¡ª
Watson¡ªto realize they were there and switch into guard-dog mode.
   ¡°It¡¯s fine,¡± Mr. Forkle promised when Sophie, Sandor, and Flori all
froze. ¡°As I said, Amy knows we¡¯re coming. And in case you¡¯re
wondering, I asked her to clear your parents from the property. She
said she¡¯d invent an urgent errand to send them away on.¡±
   That was probably better¡ªthe idea of facing her parents now that
she¡¯d been erased so thoroughly from their memories would be a
special kind of misery.
   And yet, the part of Sophie¡¯s heart that would never forget how it
felt to have them tuck her in at night and kiss her cheeks and call her
¡°Soybean¡± felt like it had been jabbed with a sharp pin at the missed
opportunity. So she had to ask, ¡°Why couldn¡¯t they be here? I thought
seeing me can¡¯t trigger anything anymore, now that I¡¯m¡­ you know¡­
gone.¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s correct,¡± Mr. Forkle told her, placing a hand on her
shoulder. ¡°But it would be very hard to explain why a strange adult
male is at their house asking for alone time with their daughter and
another young girl, don¡¯t you think?¡±

   Sophie grimaced. ¡°Yeah¡­ They¡¯d definitely call the police.¡±
   ¡°As well they should,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed. ¡°And that¡¯s why we
should stop stalling. I doubt your sister was able to buy us more than a
couple of hours¡ªand while returning the memory itself won¡¯t take
long, you two will need time to process and discuss. So once again, I
have to ask: Are you ready?¡±
   He offered her his hand again, and Sophie reluctantly took it, letting
him guide her the rest of the way up the path, to a short flight of stone
steps that led to the front door.
   Watson¡¯s barking grew more desperate, his paws scratching at the
other side of the door, but Sophie was too busy taking in all the tiny
unfamiliar details to care. The house had a new welcome mat since the
last time she¡¯d been there, the kind that said WIPE YOUR PAWS in big,
bold letters, surrounded by doggy paw prints. And three pairs of beat-
up sneakers were lined against the wall, along with a few pots of
prickly succulents. But what really caught Sophie¡¯s eye were the wind
chimes.
   Dangling from the highest eave, the chimes were gleaming silver
interspersed with strands of dangling crystals, and they were so
sparkly and fancy, they looked like they belonged in the Lost Cities.
   In fact¡­
   ¡°Are those leaping crystals?¡± Sophie had to ask.
   ¡°No, but they look like it, don¡¯t they?¡± Amy¡¯s familiar voice said
behind her, and Sophie¡¯s heart wedged so hard in her throat, it nearly
choked her as she turned toward the now open door and faced her
younger sister.
   Amy¡¯s smile was shy, her green eyes watery and darting between her
feet and Watson, who she held tightly by his collar¡ªthough the beagle
had gone very still now that he was facing a goblin warrior. ¡°That¡¯s
why I had Mom and Dad buy them,¡± Amy added, swallowing hard as
she shifted her gaze up to the chimes. ¡°It seemed like there should be
something around here to represent¡­ everything. You know?¡±

   Sophie nodded, her voice not working as she studied her sister more
closely.

   Amy¡¯s hair was longer and straighter, with a few soft layers framing
her face. And her skin had picked up a whole bunch of freckles.
Somehow the combination made her look so much older than Sophie
wanted her to be and much too young for what they were there for, all
at the same time.

   She still couldn¡¯t find any words, so she threw her arms around Amy
and pulled her into the tightest hug she could manage.

   ¡°I take it that means you¡¯ve missed me?¡± Amy grunted out as
Watson broke free from her hold and started thwapping Sophie with
his wagging tail.

   Sophie cleared her throat, realizing she needed to get herself
together.

   She was supposed to be the strong one¡ªand she knew she should
say something fun and teasing¡ªkeep the mood light given the
heaviness they both had coming. But she blurted out, ¡°I have to tell
myself not to hail you every single day.¡±

   A shiver rocked Amy¡¯s shoulders, and her voice sounded choked as
she whispered, ¡°Me too.¡±

   They¡¯d been ordered not to communicate unless it was an absolute
emergency¡ªpart of the deal they¡¯d struck with the Council in order
for Amy to keep her memories of the Lost Cities.

   And speaking of memories¡­
   ¡°You¡¯re sure you want to do this?¡± Sophie asked, pulling back to
meet her sister¡¯s eyes¡ªthe first time they¡¯d really faced each other
since she¡¯d gotten there. ¡°Whatever happened between us that day, it¡­
seems like it was pretty bad.¡±

   Amy chewed her lip and went back to staring at the wind chimes.
¡°Bad like¡­ what happened to Mom and Dad?¡±

   ¡°No,¡± Mr. Forkle assured her. ¡°What happened was an accident.
Nothing more.¡±

   Amy nodded, shifting her focus back to Sophie. ¡°Then I want to
know. I want to know everything. The good and the bad. You¡¯re my
sister, and¡­ that¡¯s how it works with family.¡±

   She emphasized the last word, and it nearly undid Sophie.
   A few tears leaked from her eyes, but she blinked hard to fight back
the rest.
   ¡°You¡¯re really doing okay?¡± she whispered, tucking Amy¡¯s hair
behind her ears. ¡°It¡¯s not too hard, hiding everything you¡¯re hiding?¡±
   Amy shrugged. ¡°I mean¡­ sometimes I wish I had some mallowmelt,
but¡­¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll bring you some,¡± Sophie promised, not caring how many rules
she¡¯d have to break to make that happen.
   ¡°What about you?¡± Amy asked, studying Sophie like she was
checking her for injuries. And somehow, even though Sophie¡¯s right
hand showed no new scars, Amy¡¯s focus lingered there.
   ¡°Oh, you know how it goes,¡± Sophie told her, forcing a smile. ¡°Lots
of near-death experiences. But nothing I can¡¯t handle.¡±
   Amy didn¡¯t look convinced. But she changed the subject. ¡°How
about the cute boys? Still trying to decide which one makes your heart
flutter the hardest? I haven¡¯t changed my vote, by the way, in case you
were wondering.¡±
   Mr. Forkle cleared his throat. ¡°I realize you two have lots to catch
up on. But now really isn¡¯t the time. I¡¯m assuming your parents will be
home soon.¡±
   Amy sighed. ¡°I mean, I convinced them to go to the boring farmers
market they always spend hours and hours at, since apparently looking
at stalls of avocados and tomatoes and fresh-churned butter is super
exciting when you get old. But I don¡¯t really know when they¡¯ll be
back.¡±

   ¡°Then we should get started,¡± Mr. Forkle said gently, turning to
Flori and asking her and Nubiti to keep watch for the parents¡¯ return.

   Amy and Sophie shared a long look¡ªand Amy seemed every bit as
nervous as Sophie felt. But her determination was clear.

   ¡°We¡¯re doing this?¡± she asked Sophie.
   Sophie fought the urge to tug on her eyelashes. ¡°Yeah, I guess we
are.¡±
   Amy nodded, taking Sophie¡¯s hand.
   And they clung to each other as Amy opened the front door wider
and they stepped aside to let Mr. Forkle take the lead.
                 SIXTEEN

I SHOULD WARN YOU THAT THIS process will be painful,¡± Mr. Forkle

said, his wheezy voice slicing through the silence of Amy¡¯s dim
bedroom.

   Sophie jolted off the bed, where she¡¯d been lying beside her sister,
attempting to relax. ¡°Why? It didn¡¯t hurt when you gave my other
memory back.¡±

   ¡°Yes, but that moment didn¡¯t involve this level of pain,¡± Mr. Forkle
reminded her. ¡°And I can¡¯t separate the visuals from the sensations
that go with them. It all comes back together¡ªthough you¡¯ll only
experience a shadow of what you endured the first time, since our
brains have a way of filtering trauma to help us move past it. And the
pain will fade once the memory settles into the correct place in your
mental timeline and no longer feels present. But you both need to
prepare yourselves for some intense discomfort. Especially you, Amy.¡±

   ¡°Oh good,¡± Amy mumbled. ¡°You know, you left that part out when
you explained this to me.¡±

   ¡°Same,¡± Sophie said, narrowing her eyes at Mr. Forkle.
   Sandor added a goblin death glare from the doorway.
   Mr. Forkle raised his hands, giving them all the universal What?
gesture. ¡°Does it change anything?¡±
   Sophie and Sandor said ¡°yes¡± at the same time that Amy said ¡°no.¡±
   ¡°Seriously?¡± Sophie asked her.
   Amy looked just as stunned by Sophie¡¯s answer. ¡°You really don¡¯t
want your memory back anymore?¡±
   ¡°I didn¡¯t mean it changed anything for me,¡± Sophie clarified,
earning a snort of protest from Sandor. ¡°I still need to know what
happened. But you don¡¯t¡ªand if it¡¯s going to cause intense pain, why
would you put yourself through that?¡±

   Amy sat up to face her, probably trying to look strong and confident
as she told Sophie, ¡°We¡¯ve been over this already.¡±

   But the way she¡¯d bent her legs crisscross-applesauce style made her
look very, very young.

   ¡°Please, Amy,¡± Sophie whispered. ¡°Don¡¯t be so stubborn. Just let me
go and¡ª¡±

   ¡°No!¡± Amy caught Sophie¡¯s wrist before Sophie could grab her
home crystal, throw open the curtains they¡¯d drawn to make the room
feel more private, and leap far, far away. ¡°I can handle a few minutes of
pain, Sophie.¡±

   ¡°How do you know?¡± Sophie countered.
   Amy shrugged. ¡°I got through it the first time, didn¡¯t I?¡±
   ¡°Not necessarily,¡± Sandor argued. ¡°The Black Swan took this
memory away for a reason.¡±
   ¡°The pain had nothing to do with that,¡± Mr. Forkle insisted.
¡°Sparing you both the trauma was a bonus¡ªnot the necessity.¡±
   ¡°And what was the ¡®necessity¡¯?¡± Sandor demanded.
   ¡°That will be obvious once I return the memory,¡± Mr. Forkle told
him, earning himself another vicious goblin glare.
   ¡°See?¡± Amy said to Sophie, as if they¡¯d somehow solved everything.
   Sophie shook her head, trying¡ªand failing¡ªto pull her wrist free
from Amy¡¯s death grip. ¡°I don¡¯t understand why you want to remember
me hurting you.¡±
   ¡°Because that part doesn¡¯t matter. It was an accident,¡± Amy
reminded her.
   ¡°Not completely.¡± Fresh tears stung Sophie¡¯s eyes as she scraped
together the words for her confession. ¡°I¡¯ve had one flashback from
that moment, and¡­ it was of you begging me to stop whatever I was
doing. I¡¯m assuming that means I had some control over what was
happening.¡±

   ¡°Wrong,¡± Mr. Forkle told her. ¡°It was¡­ an unanticipated chain
reaction.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, well, that chain reaction had me make a six-year-old scream
in pain,¡± Sophie snapped back, twisting her arm a different way and
wondering if her sister had figured out how to channel strength when
she lived with the elves because seriously¡ªhow was she so strong?
¡°Everyone realizes that, right? Amy was just a kid.¡±

   ¡°So were you,¡± Mr. Forkle noted. ¡°You were a terrified nine-year-old
with no idea what was going on or how to stop it. In fact, you couldn¡¯t
stop it. So there was no fault in the situation. Just unfortunate
happenstance that I wish I¡¯d anticipated. Truthfully, if anyone¡¯s to
blame, it¡¯s me for not being prepared or noticing what was going on
until it was too late. So please stop taking that responsibility upon
yourself, Miss Foster. You know the dangers that come with guilt.¡±

   Sophie winced as her mind flashed to an image of Alden¡¯s pale,
lifeless face after his mind had shattered from his regrets over
Prentice.

   ¡°You have nothing to feel guilty for,¡± Mr. Forkle assured her. ¡°And I
need you to start believing that, otherwise we can¡¯t proceed any further
¡ªand you¡¯re going to need the information in this memory for the
decision you have ahead.¡±

   ¡°What decision?¡± Amy asked.
   ¡°One I can¡¯t explain yet,¡± Mr. Forkle told her. ¡°Not until your
sister¡¯s in a proper position to make it.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s a new power, though, right?¡± Sophie guessed, surprised at how
calmly she could ask the question.

   But it was the only explanation that made any sense.
   In fact¡­
   ¡°I¡¯m assuming I manifested another freakish ability that day and
used the power to hurt Amy,¡± she admitted as the pieces of a
nauseating theory snapped together. ¡°So you and Livvy decided to
reset my brain with limbium, and then discovered I was allergic to it
and had to rush me to the hospital so the human doctors could save
me. And then you took the memory away so I wouldn¡¯t know what I
was capable of and so Amy wouldn¡¯t figure out that I wasn¡¯t human.
And now you¡¯re going to make me relive it all so you can ask me to let
you almost kill me again to turn that creepy ability back on.¡±
   Stunned silence followed the outburst. And Sophie tried to use that
shock to finally pull her wrist free from her sister¡¯s death grip¡ªbut
Amy held strong as she turned to Mr. Forkle and asked, ¡°Is that what
happened?¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s¡­ on the right track,¡± he admitted, causing Sophie¡¯s queasiness
to level up. ¡°But it¡¯s still wrong in several significant ways. So I urge
you to keep an open mind, Miss Foster. I can tell that you think you
already know what your decision will be once the choice is presented
¡ªbut I assure you, it¡¯s not as simple as you¡¯re imagining¡ª¡±
   ¡°Uh, it is if you¡¯re going to do something that could kill her,¡± Amy
interrupted, shaking Sophie¡¯s arm until Sophie looked at her. ¡°You¡¯re
not going to agree to that, are you?¡±
   ¡°She better not,¡± Sandor growled.
   ¡°And this is why I¡¯m giving your memories back,¡± Mr. Forkle told
them, ¡°to avoid these kinds of hasty conclusions. For the record, no
one will be asking anyone to put their life in serious danger, so can we
please focus on what we¡¯re here for?¡±
   Sophie studied his face, searching for some clue to what was
coming, but the ruckleberries made him impossible to read.

   ¡°Fine,¡± she said quietly. ¡°But I still don¡¯t agree with you dragging
Amy into this. Haven¡¯t we put her through enough?¡±

   ¡°You haven¡¯t put me through anything,¡± Amy argued. ¡°I mean it,
Sophie. I¡¯m never going to blame you for what happened.¡±

   ¡°Even if that¡¯s true,¡± Sophie mumbled, torn between wanting to
believe her and knowing how impossible it would be for Amy to keep
that promise, ¡°I¡¯m sure this will end up being your most vivid memory
of me¡ªand I hate that, since it¡¯s not like you have a lot of good ones to
make up for it.¡±

   ¡°Uh, are you kidding?¡± Amy asked. ¡°I have tons of good memories!
Why do you think I fought so hard to keep them? And I don¡¯t just
mean the stuff in the Lost Cities¡ªthough the whole flying-with-an-
alicorn thing is pretty hard to top. But there¡¯s also this.¡± She pulled
back the quilt on her bed, uncovering something white and fluffy.

   ¡°Is that Bun-Bun?¡± Sophie asked, feeling a tug in her chest when
Amy held up the well-loved stuffed bunny.

   Bun-Bun had been Amy¡¯s version of Ella ever since Amy was four
years old, and Sophie couldn¡¯t believe her sister had been allowed to
keep him through all the moves and identity changes. His shaggy fur
wasn¡¯t as white as it used to be, and he looked matted in a few places¡ª
but that made him more perfect, since it proved he was the real,
original stuffed animal.

   ¡°Do you know why Bun-Bun¡¯s my favorite?¡± Amy asked quietly,
making his ears flop from side to side.

   Sophie shrugged. ¡°I figured you liked how soft he was.¡±
   ¡°Well, I do. But the real reason is because of you.¡± She held Bun-Bun
closer to Sophie¡¯s face and squeezed his neck to tilt his head a little,
pitching her voice higher and squeakier as she said, ¡°Hey there, Miss
Sophie. Who wants to play?¡±

   And just like that, Sophie was seven years old again, making Bun-
Bun talk to Amy the exact same way.

   Amy cleared her throat, pulling Bun-Bun back and staring into his
shiny black eyes. ¡°I didn¡¯t say it enough, but¡­ you were a good sister.
Still are, even if we don¡¯t get to see each other. I always know you¡¯re
out there, taking risks I wish you wouldn¡¯t take. Being Miss Superhero
Elf.¡±

   ¡°Ha, I¡¯m so not a superhero,¡± Sophie corrected, focusing on the joke
so she wouldn¡¯t get all teary again.

   ¡°Please¡ªyou even wear a cape!¡± Amy teased back. Her smile faded
just as fast, though. ¡°Promise me you¡¯ll be careful, okay? Especially
with whatever choice he¡¯s going to have you make.¡±

   Sophie choked down a lump in her throat. ¡°Only if you promise that
if your missing memory turns out to be more traumatic than you were
expecting, you¡¯ll ask Mr. Forkle to erase it again.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m not going to need that,¡± Amy argued.
   ¡°Promise me anyway,¡± Sophie pressed.
   Amy rolled her eyes. ¡°Fiiiiiiiiiiine. I promise. Ugh. So bossy.¡±
   They shared a smile¡ªbut it felt both happy and sad. And Amy broke
eye contact first, shifting back to studying Bun-Bun.
   ¡°Remember the song you made up for him?¡± she asked. ¡°And the
little hoppy dance?¡±
   ¡°Please demonstrate both,¡± Sandor jumped in. ¡°Along with
anything else that would make good blackmail.¡±
   ¡°Another day,¡± Mr. Forkle said, peeking through the curtains of the
nearest window, probably checking for signs of Sophie¡¯s human
parents. ¡°We can¡¯t afford to waste any more time. Are you two finally
ready?¡±
   ¡°I am,¡± Amy said immediately.
   Sophie chewed her lip, taking another look around Amy¡¯s bedroom.
   Nothing made the gap between their lives feel wider.
   The room wasn¡¯t small¡ªbut it was nothing like Sophie¡¯s enormous
suite at Havenfield. And it wasn¡¯t plain, but the painted blue walls and
scuffed wood floors definitely weren¡¯t the same as a glass ceiling
strung with dangling crystal stars, or flowers woven into the carpet, or
windows with sweeping ocean views. The twin bed looked like a
shoebox compared to Sophie¡¯s sprawling canopied bed, and the closet
could probably only fit about one tenth of Sophie¡¯s clothes and shoes.
   And yet, Amy¡¯s room had all the tiny personal touches that Sophie
was still struggling to add to hers.
   The saddest part was, Sophie didn¡¯t recognize any of those
additions.
   Aside from Bun-Bun, all the stuffed animals and knickknacks were
new. And the smiling friends in the photographs were all strangers.
Sophie had also never heard of the boy band that Amy had lots of
pictures and posters of on her door¡ªthough their hairstyles reminded
her a little of Tam¡¯s.
   And something about that distance between them made her
whisper, ¡°Please don¡¯t hate me for whatever happened that day, okay?¡±
   Amy pulled her closer, offering her Bun-Bun to hug. ¡°You don¡¯t
have to worry about that, Sophie. I loved you even when I didn¡¯t
remember who you were. I¡¯d get this weird ache sometimes, right
here.¡± She pressed her fist against her chest. ¡°I didn¡¯t know how to
explain it, but it felt like¡­ something was missing. And then you
showed up and my memories triggered and it was like, ¡®Ohhhhhh, this
is what I was looking for.¡¯ That¡¯s why I don¡¯t want any more gaps in my
past. I just want to know my life is complete again, if that makes
sense.¡±
   ¡°It does,¡± Mr. Forkle assured her, his voice a bit thick. ¡°And it¡¯s a
very mature reason for doing this.¡±

   Sophie knew why he was emphasizing the word¡ªand hated him for
having a point.

   Amy wasn¡¯t the bratty little nine-year-old that Sophie had left
behind when she moved to the Lost Cities. Nor was she the terrified
six-year-old begging Sophie to stop whatever she was doing.

   She was a girl who¡¯d watched her parents get abducted and
managed to stay clearheaded enough to keep herself hidden from the
Neverseen.

   A girl who¡¯d learned that everything she¡¯d been told about her life¡ª
and the world¡ªwasn¡¯t real, and then had to spend months hiding with
strangers in a secret underwater city while she worried every day about
the people she loved.

   And now she was a girl who¡¯d chosen to lie to everyone in order to
keep the secrets she¡¯d learned about her past and the Lost Cities.

   If memories meant that much to her, she probably could handle this.
   So Sophie took Bun-Bun and slowly lay down next to Amy on the
narrow twin bed.
   Amy lay back beside her, and Sophie wedged Bun-Bun between
them.
   ¡°Are you ready?¡± Mr. Forkle asked, striding closer.
   The sisters reached for each other, tangling their fingers together as
they nodded.
   Mr. Forkle clapped his hands. ¡°Excellent. Then let¡¯s begin. Keep in
mind that the memory will take a moment to register in your
consciousness after I return it. And once it does, it will feel detached¡ª
as if you¡¯re watching something happening to someone else. Try not to
think too much during that initial confusion, as it will only slow your
mind from making its own connections¡ªand once those connections
form, the sensations will take over. I¡¯d recommend locking your jaw so
you don¡¯t bite your tongues when the pain hits. That part should pass
within a few minutes. If it doesn¡¯t, I have sedatives¡ª¡±

   ¡°No sedatives,¡± Sophie interrupted.
   ¡°Yes, Miss Foster, I figured you¡¯d say that. But I still wanted both of
you to know that the option is available. And Flori is right outside if
you feel the echoes stirring.¡±
   ¡°Echoes?¡± Amy asked.
   ¡°Loooooooooooong story,¡± Sophie told her.
   ¡°And now is not the time,¡± Mr. Forkle noted. ¡°Right now, I need
you each to focus on taking slow, deep breaths, dragging each one out
longer than the last.¡±
   Their breathing quickly fell in sync, and there was something so
soothing about the steady rhythm of matched inhales and exhales.
   ¡°It¡¯s also important to note that some of your memories will feel
very abstract,¡± Mr. Forkle added quietly, ¡°given the mental state you
were in when they happened. And you¡¯ll still have gaps that you¡¯ll need
me to fill in, since quite a lot occurred after I rendered you both
unconscious. And while I¡¯ll do my best to answer your questions,
please bear in mind that there are certain things I won¡¯t be able to
explain¡ªnot because I¡¯m holding anything back, but because there are
parts that even I don¡¯t fully understand. In fact, I¡¯m hoping the two of
you might be able to provide some additional insights. We¡¯ll see soon
enough. For now, keep breathing. Sloooooooow and steeeeeeaaaaady.¡±
   They¡¯d each taken ten more breaths when he urged them to close
their eyes and hold the next one. And when Sophie did as he asked, she
felt his shaky fingers press against her temple.
   ¡°Here we go,¡± he whispered. ¡°Three¡­ two¡­ one.¡±
   The last word came with a rush of cold, like someone had poured a
glass of ice water into her brain, and Sophie clamped her jaw shut to
keep her teeth from chattering.
   The chills numbed her thoughts, leaving her head quieter than it

had ever been before, and she soaked up the silence, loving every
second¡ªright up until the noise took over.

   It felt like someone clicked on a movie projector at full speed and
full volume. And the images were too jumpy to make any sense.

   But each new breath brought more focus, until Sophie could
recognize two little girls¡ªone blond and one brunette¡ªsurrounded by
murky green.

   They started out talking. But talking shifted to teasing. And teasing
turned to taunting as the voices grew louder and louder.

   Angrier and angrier.
   Sophie couldn¡¯t make out any of the individual words.
   But she could feel them cutting deeper and deeper.
   Sinking into sensitive places.
   Raw places.
   Dangerous places.
   Poking and prodding and pulsing.
   Exposing powerful new nerves that sent tingles rocketing through
her.
   Her hands burned¡ªfingertips humming with a strange, itchy
energy.
   And her head¡­
   There was So. Much. Pressure.
   Too much.
   It boiled and bubbled inside her skull, growing darker and darker
and darker¡ªand Sophie gasped as her consciousness dropped fully
into the moment, the sensations completely taking over.
   Her stomach twisted.
   Limbs thrashed.
   Brain churning churning churning with emotions so intense, it felt
like they were tearing and scratching and shredding¡ªand maybe they
were, because something deep inside her mind seemed to unravel,
leaving¡­ an opening.

   A new pathway.
   And the darkness surged forward.
   Turning hotter.
   Wilder.
   She felt herself cry out at the same moment she did in the memory
as her fury shifted from black to red and poured out of her mind.
   Aimed at a single target.
   Sophie, please¡ªstop!
   Amy¡¯s screams clawed through Sophie¡¯s ears, and she couldn¡¯t tell if
they were from memory or reality. The lines between both had blurred,
and she was caught up in the frenzy.
   Beyond her body.
   Beyond the world.
   Nothing but pure, unbridled force.
   Powerful.
   Unstoppable.
   ¡°Sophie!¡±
   The new voice demanded attention¡ªfamiliar in some ways, and
unexpected in others. And with that thought, Sophie felt her mind
divide.
   Part of her clung to the girl she is.
   The rest stayed trapped with the girl she used to be.
   And each ¡°Sophie¡± was frightened and fearless and furious.
   But Present-Sophie felt clearer. She could recognize the desperation
in Mr. Forkle¡¯s voice as he called her name over and over and over, and
she knew she needed to listen.
   Past-Sophie heard nothing but a ghost in the darkness.
   His pleas were lost.
   She was lost.
   Buried under her newfound power that was consuming everything it
touched.
   She didn¡¯t recognize the warm pressure in her palms for what it
was.
   But Present-Sophie did, and she knew that Mr. Forkle was clinging
to her. She heard him gasp as the tingly warmth bled between their
skin, his grip tightening and his voice gaining a newfound strength.
   Sophie, STOP!
   His command was loud enough to reach even Past-Sophie¡ªbut she
didn¡¯t know how to obey.
   STOP! he repeated, filling her mind with happy thoughts.
   The red rage quickly burned those away.
   STOP!
   STOP!
   STOP!
   I can¡¯t! she tried to tell him, but the words were there and gone
much too fast.
   Heat tingled in her palms again, and the next time Mr. Forkle
spoke, his voice was laced with joy.
   And hope.
   And happiness.
   And love.
   Each emotion flooded her mind with warmth and light, melting
away the black and the red until there was nothing but soft golden
shimmer, like a perfect sunrise.
   An awakening.
   Past-Sophie was too tired to face it¡ªand didn¡¯t resist the sticky
sweetness that trickled across her tongue.

   Present-Sophie gagged from the memory of the cloying sedative
that Mr. Forkle must have given her.

   And as Past-Sophie happily floated into the fuzziness, too weary to
wonder what she¡¯d done, Present-Sophie knew there would be
consequences.

   Sophie clung to the word, and the thought triggered a surprising
ripple of information as the two parts of herself tangled back into one
and the memory tucked itself away¡ªburied under all of that
unexpected truth.

   Everything she¡¯d seen and felt and learned was now solidly in her
past.

   But new questions stretched into her future as Sophie¡¯s mind
translated the vague, blurry feelings and pieced together what had
actually happened.

   She¡¯d inflicted on her sister that day¡ªlost control during a fight
and unleashed a tempest of pain.

   But that wasn¡¯t the discovery that left her shivering and shaking.
   No, she was trembling because Mr. Forkle hadn¡¯t been able to call
her out of the frenzy until he¡¯d touched her hands.
   Then she¡¯d enhanced him.
   And he¡¯d inflicted on her.
               SEVENTEEN

YOU.¡±

   It was the only word that Sophie could pull from the pounding
chaos in her brain.

   A question.
   An accusation.
   A revelation.
   ¡°Yes,¡± Mr. Forkle told her, his voice raspy, as if he¡¯d been shouting
in the present¡ªnot just in the past.
   There was another sound too, one that made Sophie want to slap
herself when she recognized it, because where were her priorities?
   ¡°Amy?¡± she asked, swaying from a head rush as she pulled herself
upright.
   It took a few seconds for her eyes to focus¡ªand then there was her
sister, curled into a tight ball, rocking back and forth as whimpers
rattled out of her.
   Her face was pinched.
   Forehead sweaty.
   Skin a troubling greenish-gray.
   ¡°She¡¯ll be fine in another minute or two,¡± Mr. Forkle promised,
which sounded more impossible with each pained noise that Amy
made. ¡°Truly, Miss Foster. Her memory of what happened simply runs
longer than yours, since I sedated you first that day, in order to ensure
that you couldn¡¯t lose control again. And your sister also regained
consciousness very briefly after Livvy arrived to help, so she has those
extra moments to relive as well. But her mind should settle right¡­
about¡­ now. See?¡±

   Amy¡¯s body stilled and her moans fell silent¡ªbut she still looked far
too ill for Sophie to be impressed.

   Sophie choked down the bile coating her throat, though the
sourness remained when her sister didn¡¯t move. ¡°Is she unconscious?¡±

   ¡°She¡¯s somewhere between awake and asleep, finding her path back
to reality.¡± Mr. Forkle pressed two fingers onto each of Amy¡¯s temples
and closed his eyes, nodding at whatever he saw inside her head.
¡°These kinds of things take longer for humans to process. But don¡¯t
worry¡ªshe¡¯s past the pain. Her mind¡¯s simply struggling to
understand that the sedative it thinks it¡¯s feeling was actually in her
system years ago and wasn¡¯t something she took today¡ªthough I
wonder if it¡¯d be easier to give her some now and let her rest. She looks
more exhausted than I¡¯d hoped.¡±

   ¡°That¡¯s what happens when you help someone relive being
tortured,¡± Sophie muttered. ¡°But¡­ I don¡¯t think we should sedate her
unless she asks us to. I¡¯m sure my¡ªher¡ªparents will freak if she
doesn¡¯t wake up when they come home.¡±

   ¡°I suppose that makes sense,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed, moving one of his
hands to Amy¡¯s wrist to feel her pulse. He counted under his breath
and nodded. ¡°Actually, her vitals are bouncing back nicely. She should
be lucid in the next few minutes. And there¡¯s still no sign of her family
returning?¡± he asked Sandor, who¡¯d marched over to one of the
windows to check through the curtains.

   ¡°Flori has signaled that we¡¯re clear¡ªfor the moment,¡± Sandor
informed him, stomping back to his post in the doorway. ¡°But the
sooner we leave, the better.¡±

   ¡°Agreed,¡± Mr. Forkle said.
   ¡°We¡¯re not going anywhere until Amy wakes up and we make sure
she¡¯s okay and answer her questions,¡± Sophie reminded them.

   ¡°That¡¯s the plan,¡± Mr. Forkle corrected, ¡°but we¡¯ll have to adjust if
her parents return¡ªwhich is why I tried to start this process as soon
as we got here.¡±

   ¡°Excuse me for trying to save my sister from this.¡± She pointed to
Amy, whose eyes were squeezed so tight, they looked like angry lines.

   Sophie reached out, brushing back strands of Amy¡¯s sweat-soaked
hair off of her forehead and tucking them behind her ears¡ªstalling as
she worked up the courage to ask, ¡°How badly did I hurt her that day?
My memory¡­ wasn¡¯t exactly clear.¡±

   ¡°No, it wasn¡¯t,¡± Mr. Forkle said quietly. ¡°All the more reason you
can¡¯t blame yourself for what happened. You had no idea what was
going on.¡±

   ¡°I didn¡¯t,¡± Sophie agreed, stopping herself from mentioning all the
things she did know, now that she had the advantage of hindsight to
translate what had happened between her and him.

   She had lots of questions.
   Maybe even a few accusations.
   But she wasn¡¯t going to let him sidetrack her.
   ¡°You didn¡¯t answer my question. How badly did I hurt her that
day?¡±
   Mr. Forkle checked Amy¡¯s thoughts again before he answered.
¡°Inflicting is all in the mind, so she suffered zero physical trauma.
Why do you think I didn¡¯t bother bringing Elwin or Livvy with us
today?¡±
   Sophie had a feeling that Elwin and Livvy would strongly disagree
with that decision¡ªand Sophie wasn¡¯t sold on it either, given the
greenish pallor lingering on her sister¡¯s skin.
   But once again, Mr. Forkle was changing the subject.
   ¡°We both know the pain is just as real as an actual injury,¡± Sophie
insisted. ¡°Probably worse.¡±

   Mr. Forkle sighed. ¡°It can be, yes. And I won¡¯t lie, what your sister
experienced that day¡ªand again now, to a smaller extent¡ªwas¡­ let¡¯s
just call it indescribable, and leave it at that, okay?¡±

   Sophie brushed back another strand of her sister¡¯s sticky hair.
   Didn¡¯t she owe it to her to learn every detail about what Amy had
endured?
   ¡°Sometimes knowledge is simply knowledge,¡± Mr. Forkle said,
guessing what she¡¯d been wondering. ¡°My brother and I shared every
single memory throughout our entire lives¡ªexcept one. He held back
the details of the pain he experienced from his final injury, and I¡¯m
sure he did that because he knew I would¡¯ve relived it over and over,
trying to make amends for the fact that I get to carry on and he
doesn¡¯t. So he eliminated that as a possibility for me. And from what I
know of your sister, I¡¯ve no doubt that she¡¯d want the same for you¡ª
just as you would for her if the situation were reversed.¡±
   ¡°Maybe,¡± Sophie admitted, blinking hard to keep any tears from
forming. ¡°It¡¯s just¡­ I can still hear her screams.¡±
   ¡°And I¡¯m sure you always will,¡± he said quietly. ¡°But¡­ I think we
should also acknowledge the fact that you just mentioned them
without needing Flori to sing your echoes to sleep. That¡¯s a tremendous
victory, Miss Foster. One that¡¯s not worth jeopardizing¡ªespecially for
knowledge that will do no actual good.¡±
   Sophie sighed. ¡°I guess¡ªunless Amy needs to talk about what
happened. If she does, I¡¯ll let her share every awful detail.¡±
   She didn¡¯t care if it brought the shadow monster back in full force¡ª
she¡¯d do whatever Amy needed to help her recover from this
nightmare.
   ¡°Fair enough,¡± Mr. Forkle told her. ¡°Though, I think you¡¯re also
overlooking a very important aspect of what happened. Your sister¡¯s
screams came from more than just pain. She was also witnessing
something her brain couldn¡¯t begin to comprehend¡ªand she was
terrified that the red light was killing you.¡±

   Sophie frowned. ¡°Red light?¡±
   He nodded. ¡°Your inflicting operated very differently that day. It
worked the way we designed it to¡ªor mostly, anyway¡ªand the
emotions were channeled out of your mind in a single, targeted red
beam that flashed and struck like a bolt of lightning.¡±
   Sophie tried to picture it, but the only thing she could come up with
was some cross between an alien mind trick and an exorcism¡ªand she
really didn¡¯t want to imagine herself that way.
   And once again, her head flooded with questions about what had
actually happened between Mr. Forkle and her during those terrible
moments.
   But she had to stay focused on the most important information.
   ¡°That¡¯s the big choice, isn¡¯t it?¡± she asked. ¡°You want to reset my
brain so my inflicting will work differently.¡±
   ¡°So it will work properly,¡± Mr. Forkle corrected, which wasn¡¯t any
less terrifying. ¡°Your ability was designed to target whoever or
whatever you were feeling threatened by, rather than taking out
everyone in the vicinity the way you do now. That would make the
power much more effective, don¡¯t you think?¡±
   ¡°I suppose,¡± Sophie said slowly. ¡°But what happened to the whole
¡®no one will be asking anyone to put their life in serious danger¡¯
promise you made earlier?¡±
   ¡°I was about to remind him of the same thing,¡± Sandor growled.
   ¡°I said serious danger,¡± Mr. Forkle argued. ¡°This time the procedure
will be much more minor. We don¡¯t have to reset Miss Foster¡¯s entire
brain, like Livvy did to her that day¡ªor like I did the day I healed her
abilities. We only need to reset her inflicting, which will require a
significantly smaller dose of limbium.¡±

   ¡°Okay, but¡­ I¡¯m still deathly allergic to it, even in a small dose,¡±
Sophie pointed out, surprised she even had to say it. ¡°The elixir Dex
gave me only had a drop in it, and it still made Bullhorn lie down
beside me, and Elwin was barely able to bring me back.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m not saying there won¡¯t be risks,¡± Mr. Forkle said carefully. ¡°But
the risks will still be less dangerous this time than your previous
experiences, both because of the much more limited problem we¡¯re
addressing and because of our increased knowledge and practice.
Livvy and I have been researching allergies for months, wanting to be
prepared in case this day was ever upon us. And I feel very strongly
that we¡¯ve now perfected our remedy.¡±

   ¡°Does that mean you won¡¯t have to use any needles?¡± Sophie asked.
   ¡°I wish.¡± He reached for her hand, peeling back the fabric of her
glove until he¡¯d exposed the star-shaped scar he¡¯d accidentally given
her when he¡¯d healed her abilities. ¡°This time I know to administer the
injection into your leg, so I shouldn¡¯t leave another mark like this.
But¡­ it still needs to be an injection. That¡¯s the fastest delivery
method, and with allergies, every second counts.¡±
   Sophie wished she could argue.
   But she¡¯d felt how close it came the other times when they¡¯d
triggered her allergy.
   There was zero margin for error.
   ¡°I¡¯ll have Elwin and Livvy with me for any emergencies,¡± Mr. Forkle
promised, pulling her glove back into place and releasing her hand.
¡°And I think it might be wise to have Mr. Sencen and Mr. Vacker there
as well, since they both have ways of keeping your mind and emotions
steady and focused. And if there¡¯s someone else you¡¯d like to have
there¡ªlike perhaps your parents?¡ªthat can be arranged. But know
this: No matter what, I will keep you safe. That¡¯s my job.¡±

   ¡°No, that¡¯s my job,¡± Sandor corrected. ¡°And if you think I¡¯m going
to let you¡ª¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s Miss Foster¡¯s decision,¡± Mr. Forkle interrupted.
   Sophie snorted. ¡°Right. Just like it was my decision the day you
reset my abilities. I could either stay malfunctioning, or risk my life to
fix everything¡ªand bonus: It was the only way I¡¯d be able to heal
Prentice and Alden. That¡¯s not much of a choice, is it?¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± Mr. Forkle insisted. ¡°And this time it¡¯s even more so. You¡¯ve
managed just fine with the way your inflicting currently operates.¡±
   ¡°Have I?¡± Sophie asked, thinking of all the times her vision had
cleared to reveal her friends writhing in pain or unconscious around
her.
   The Neverseen had even started counting on it when they planned
their ambushes, letting her take out her bodyguards for them¡ª
although that raised another question.
   ¡°Is the ability even worth it?¡± she asked, her voice almost a whisper.
¡°The Neverseen always wear those caps to block me.¡±
   ¡°Actually, that would be one of the biggest advantages to resetting
your ability,¡± Mr. Forkle corrected. ¡°The red beam is designed to
target the heart, not the head. The Neverseen would have no way to
shield themselves from that kind of attack, and the blow would be
infinitely stronger because the emotions are so much rawer and more
vulnerable there.¡±
   Sophie sighed.
   That would be a significant improvement from what she could
currently do.
   ¡°I¡¯m sorry,¡± Mr. Forkle said, clearing his throat. ¡°I realize this is
probably the last thing you feel like enduring. I haven¡¯t forgotten how
much you¡¯ve already been through. It¡¯s also my fault. What Livvy and I
did to reset your brain clearly went awry.¡±

   ¡°Clearly,¡± Sophie muttered, ¡°considering I almost died.¡±
   ¡°Yes, you did. I still have nightmares about it sometimes.¡± He stared
at his hands, wringing his fingers back and forth. ¡°It was me with you
that day, in case you were wondering. Not my twin brother. It¡¯s why I
was chosen to be the one to reset your abilities the second time¡ª
everyone felt I had ¡®experience¡¯ with the situation¡ªthough truthfully,
both times I¡¯ve never felt so out of my depth or terrified in all of my
life.¡± He cleared his throat again. ¡°That first time, when I heard the
screaming and saw what was happening, I hailed Livvy for help
immediately. Then I carried you and your sister into my house, hoping
no one else in the neighborhood had noticed anything. By the time
Livvy got there, I¡¯d already erased both of your memories¡ªbut of
course, I had to erase another from your sister when her sedative wore
off not long after Livvy¡¯s arrival. I hadn¡¯t wanted to overdo how much I
gave her, considering she was so small and had just been through such
an exhausting trauma. But I clearly underestimated¡ªthe first of many
mistakes I made that day.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m assuming the second mistake was when you gave me
limbium?¡± Sophie guessed.
   ¡°Actually, that was the third. The second was before Livvy came up
with the idea of limbium. I grew impatient and gave you a half dozen
other medicines I thought might help, and ended up making you vomit
all over yourself.¡±
   Sophie cringed. ¡°This just keeps getting better and better.¡±
   ¡°That was my thought too. And then we gave you the limbium, and
I got to discover exactly how dire things could truly get. You started
making a horrible sound as your airway closed off, unlike anything I¡¯d
ever heard before, and then your whole body was convulsing and I
just¡­ froze. If Livvy hadn¡¯t been there, I don¡¯t know what would¡¯ve
happened. I might¡¯ve lost you. She was the one who kept you breathing
and suggested we rush you to the nearest human hospital. Her
reasoning was flawed¡ªthough we didn¡¯t know it at the time. She
suspected our treatments were negatively reacting with some human
toxin or virus that you¡¯d been exposed to, which sounded logical
enough. And it got you to the place that saved your life, which was all
that mattered. Then Livvy had to go, so no one could wonder who she
was or how she knew you, and your human parents arrived, and I just
sat there, watching you hooked up to those horrible machines, hoping
nothing irreparable had happened. And when you woke up¡­¡±

   His voice choked off, and he dragged a hand down his face,
lingering on his eyes.

   She couldn¡¯t tell if that meant he was crying.
   Part of her was glad she couldn¡¯t tell¡ªher world made so much
more sense when Mr. Forkle was a strong, reliable presence, even if his
stubbornness drove her crazy at times.
   ¡°When you woke up,¡± Mr. Forkle continued, his voice steadier this
time, ¡°it felt like one of those ¡®miracles¡¯ that humans are always going
on about. You were you. Your inflicting had been switched back off,
and everything else seemed fine. And you and your sister both had no
idea what had happened between you.¡±
   ¡°Wait,¡± Sophie had to interrupt. ¡°Aren¡¯t you always saying that
abilities can¡¯t be switched off once they¡¯ve been triggered?¡±
   ¡°For ordinary elves, yes,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed.
   Sophie groaned, knowing this was going to lead to another ¡°let me
explain how very weird you are¡± speech.
   And sure enough, he told her, ¡°In your case, I made your genes
slightly more flexible in certain ways. That way, if something we¡¯d
planned needed adjusting, we¡¯d have the option of doing so¡ªwhich
has been both an advantage and a disadvantage. I often wonder if that
flexibility is the reason we¡¯ve had to reset things in your mind.¡±

   He tilted his head and sighed in a way that seemed to say, It¡¯s so
challenging experimenting on someone. Which definitely helped Sophie
choke back any fuzzy feelings she might¡¯ve been fighting when she¡¯d
thought he was crying.

   ¡°Anyway,¡± Mr. Forkle said, moving the conversation back to what
they¡¯d been discussing. ¡°I swore I would be a thousand times more
vigilant from that moment on to ensure that nothing like that ever
happened to you again, and yet, somehow I still managed to
misunderstand the role that the limbium had played in your allergy
until it happened again. And I didn¡¯t anticipate any problems when I
triggered your inflicting, either. So imagine my horror when I heard
Mr. Dizznee¡¯s account of how your inflicting had operated in Paris and
realized our enhancements to the ability had somehow been switched
off. I¡¯d hoped the problem was connected to all of the other glitches
you were experiencing during that same time, and that once I reset
your abilities, all would go back to the way we originally designed it.
But it didn¡¯t recover as well as your other abilities. And now, here we
are.¡±

   ¡°Okaaaaaaay,¡± she said, trying not to drown in that deluge of
information. She had a feeling she¡¯d be wading through it for weeks
and weeks to come. But at the moment she had one very important
question. ¡°Why would resetting the ability again change anything? We
already know it didn¡¯t help¡ª¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s not an exact science,¡± Mr. Forkle interrupted. ¡°Nor does the
limbium affect everything evenly. I was so focused on your telepathy
that day¡ªand the gaps in your mental blocking¡ªthat I didn¡¯t give
your inflicting the care that it needed. I also failed to realize that your
inflicting was working incorrectly even before you faded, and therefore
needed a much more fundamental adjustment. This time the ability
would be my entire focus, and I¡¯d target it differently.¡±

   ¡°But you still can¡¯t guarantee that it will work, right?¡± Sophie
pressed.

   ¡°There are no guarantees with any of this,¡± Mr. Forkle reminded
her. ¡°It¡¯s all theoretical until we implement the treatments and see
what happens.¡±

   ¡°Great. So¡­ basically, you¡¯re asking me to trust you with my life
¡ªagain¡ªwhile also admitting that you don¡¯t actually know what you¡¯re
doing,¡± Sophie had to point out. ¡°Awesome.¡±

   ¡°I don¡¯t blame you for feeling that way, but¡ª¡±
   ¡°Good, because it¡¯s true!¡± Sophie jumped in. ¡°I¡¯m pretty sure I¡¯d be
better off¡ª¡±
   Her snarky comment was interrupted by a soft moan from her
sister, who uncurled her legs and rolled onto her back.
   ¡°Amy?¡± Sophie asked, cringing as her sister opened her eyes and
Sophie saw how red and puffy they looked.
   Amy¡¯s voice sounded like bits of crumbling gravel as she whispered,
¡°Sophie? You¡¯re still here?¡±
   ¡°Of course I am. Where else would I be?¡± She offered Amy the
bottle of Youth that Mr. Forkle had just handed her and helped Amy
sit up for a drink.
   ¡°I don¡¯t know,¡± Amy admitted after downing half the bottle. ¡°I
guess I thought¡­¡± She looked away, tears streaming down her cheeks.
¡°Those things I said to you¡ª¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t even remember them,¡± Sophie assured her. ¡°Seriously. In
the memory it was just a bunch of noise. I couldn¡¯t separate out the
words¡ªand I don¡¯t want to know,¡± she added when Amy opened her
mouth, like she was going to repeat everything. ¡°Whatever you said
doesn¡¯t matter¡ªunless you need to talk about it,¡± she added,
remembering her earlier vow.

   Amy pulled her knees into her chest, wrapping her shaky arms
around them. ¡°I¡¯m just so sorry, Sophie. I can¡¯t believe what a brat I
was.¡±

   ¡°Um, you were six,¡± Sophie reminded her. ¡°I¡¯m pretty sure
everyone¡¯s a brat when they¡¯re six.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, well that still doesn¡¯t excuse what I said,¡± Amy mumbled.
   ¡°And what you said doesn¡¯t justify my reaction,¡± Sophie argued.
¡°Nothing justifies what I did to you.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s not what you did,¡± Mr. Forkle corrected. ¡°It¡¯s what happened.
You need to start making that distinction. Inflicting is an incredibly
volatile ability. And it manifested for you very young and very
suddenly, in the midst of a situation where tempers were already
running too high¡ªand you had no knowledge of what was happening
to you. Anyone would¡¯ve lost control under those circumstances.¡±
   ¡°I guess you would know,¡± Sophie noted, finally calling out the huge
revelation she didn¡¯t know what to do with.
   Honestly, she didn¡¯t want to know what to do with it, because it was
surely going to lead to other conversations she didn¡¯t have the energy
for.
   But she had to ask, ¡°Why didn¡¯t you tell me you¡¯re an Inflictor?¡±
   Amy and Sandor both drew in sharp breaths.
   ¡°I¡¯m not,¡± Mr. Forkle said quietly as he stood and paced to the other
side of the room.
   ¡°I know what I felt,¡± Sophie argued. ¡°Inflicting¡¯s the only way you
could¡¯ve flooded my mind with emotions like that.¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed, squinting at Amy¡¯s photographs.
   ¡°It wasn¡¯t regular inflicting either,¡± Sophie pressed. ¡°You sent me
positive emotions. Even Bronte can¡¯t do that.¡±
   She winced at the name, deciding to save the questions that went
with it for later.

   ¡°That doesn¡¯t make me an Inflictor,¡± Mr. Forkle insisted.
   ¡°I¡¯m fairly certain that it does,¡± Sandor noted.
   ¡°Yeah, isn¡¯t that how talents work for you guys?¡± Amy asked. ¡°If
you can do the thing, that means you have the ability? If you can¡¯t, you
don¡¯t?¡±
   ¡°Not in this case.¡± Mr. Forkle turned to the room¡¯s largest window,
parting the curtains and scanning the yard. ¡°All I have is a handful of
dormant Inflictor genes, which I wasn¡¯t ever supposed to be able to
use. They were simply part of a test.¡±
   ¡°A test,¡± Sophie repeated, not sure why the word made her stomach
feel so squirmy until she realized, ¡°You¡¯re talking about Project
Moonlark.¡±
   ¡°I am.¡± Mr. Forkle turned back to face her. ¡°Despite our abundance
of research, much of our genetic work was purely theoretical¡ªand I
wasn¡¯t about to implement those theories on an innocent child and
risk that something could go seriously wrong¡ªeven with the
flexibility we were designing. Every tweak planned for your genes had
to be properly vetted before I allowed it to be added to your genetic
code. And since I wasn¡¯t willing to risk anyone else¡¯s safety, it meant
playing the role of test subject myself. My brother and I split it up¡ªhe
tested your Polyglot genes and I tested your inflicting. That way we
could examine the effects in isolation.¡±
   ¡°What about her teleporting?¡± Amy asked. ¡°And that other one¡ª
what¡¯s it called again?¡±
   ¡°Enhancing,¡± Mr. Forkle said, beating Sophie to it. ¡°Both of those
abilities were ¡®unplanned side effects¡¯ of our other genetic
modifications, so we weren¡¯t aware that we needed to test them. In
fact, we didn¡¯t know about the teleporting until Miss Foster discovered
it while trying to escape the Neverseen¡¯s attempt to capture Silveny.
And the enhancing I discovered during this incident.¡±

   ¡°Because it triggered the same time as my inflicting,¡± Sophie
guessed.

   Mr. Forkle¡¯s smile was equal parts impressed and reserved. ¡°I¡¯d
wondered if you would notice that part of the memory, with all the
other chaos happening.¡±

   ¡°I did,¡± Sophie told him. ¡°And I¡¯m assuming it had something to do
with your inflicting, since you were only able to do that after you
touched my hands.¡±

   ¡°That¡¯s my assumption as well¡ªand it was definitely a surprise, in
case you¡¯re wondering, as well as a true testament to the strength of
your enhancing ability, considering the ridiculously insignificant
amount of Inflictor DNA that¡¯s a part of me.¡± He lifted the hem of his
tunic to reveal a palm-size round blotch on his hip where the skin was
so pale, it almost looked translucent. And when the light hit the patch,
his skin shimmered with tiny flashes in every color of the spectrum.

   Amy gasped. ¡°Did that hurt?¡±
   ¡°Of course,¡± Mr. Forkle told her, lowering his shirt back into place.
¡°Definitely one of the top ten most painful things I¡¯ve ever
experienced. But that was a price I was willing to pay in order to
guarantee that everything we were planning for your sister would be
both safe and effective.¡± His eyes shifted to Sophie. ¡°I know you¡¯re
frustrated by the guesswork that sometimes comes into play with your
abilities, and I wish I knew a way to eliminate that completely.
Someday we¡¯ll hopefully get there. In the meantime, I hope this at least
proves how far we¡¯re willing to go to ensure your safety.¡±
   It did and it didn¡¯t.
   Whatever he¡¯d done to himself¡ªwhatever risks he¡¯d taken¡ªstill
hadn¡¯t spared her from staring down another ¡®this could kill you¡¯
decision.
   ¡°I don¡¯t understand,¡± she said, sticking with a safer answer for the

moment. ¡°How can your DNA be different right there?¡±
   ¡°The same way that someone¡¯s DNA can be different in a place

where they¡¯ve been exposed to intense radiation,¡± Mr. Forkle
explained.

   Amy sucked in a breath. ¡°But radiation like that would kill you.¡±
   ¡°It would,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed. ¡°Or, at the very least, it would
certainly make me very, very sick. Which is why our team had to devise
a much safer method for our tests. Calla was the one to realize that
light was the answer, but we needed something stronger than any of
the Sources on their own¡ªor even any of the Sources combined.
Something elemental.¡±
   ¡°You used quintessence,¡± Sophie realized, shivering as her palms
remembered the burns she¡¯d suffered after she¡¯d accidentally bottled
some of the fifth element during a school assignment. ¡°Wait¡ªdoes
that mean the DNA in my hands¡ª¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Mr. Forkle cut in. ¡°Those burns were from exposure to the
extreme cold of Elementine¡ªnot exposure to the quintessence itself. I
also had to prepare a sample of my altered DNA and apply it to my
skin before we added the quintessence, in order for the exposure to
have any lasting effect on my genetics. Plus, Elementine is far too
aggressive to be used for that kind of a delicate task. The fusion only
succeeded when we used the quintessence from Phosforien.¡±
   ¡°Uh, there are different kinds of quintessence?¡± Sophie asked,
trying to linger on the part of his explanation that didn¡¯t sound like
something straight out of a sci-fi/horror movie.
   ¡°Of course. Each of the unmapped stars generates a different
variation. I thought you knew that.¡± Mr. Forkle frowned when she
shook her head. ¡°Why else would the locations of those five stars be
kept secret? The quintessence from Elementine is the least stable, but
also the most powerful, which makes it extremely valuable for creating
substances that need to be somewhat explosive or all-consuming¡ªlike
frissyn. The quintessence from Marquiseire is incredibly abrasive,
which makes it the best choice when something needs to be broken
down on a cellular level¡ªand yet its abundance of shimmer also makes
it reflective, which allows it to be the most versatile of all the iterations
of the fifth element. I guarantee we¡¯ve only scratched the surface of
Marquiseire¡¯s many uses. The quintessence from Lucilliant is the
coldest and the darkest, but also the most balanced, which makes it
particularly valuable when something needs to be preserved. The
quintessence from Candesia is the weakest¡ªalmost smoky and
sluggish in nature¡ªbut it¡¯s also the safest form to turn to, and best for
subtle shifts and changes. And Phosforien is the most colorful and
vibrant¡ªfull of life and energy¡ªwhich is what made it optimal for our
DNA tests.¡±

   He lifted his tunic again, and the flash of colors did remind Sophie
of the neon glow she remembered Phosforien having.

   ¡°Didn¡¯t you notice how varied each of the leaps were when we sent
you and Mr. Sencen on that rather convoluted journey?¡± Mr. Forkle
asked. ¡°When we were trying to isolate how the Neverseen kept
tracking you?¡±

   ¡°I did. But I thought those jars were just light,¡± Sophie admitted.
¡°Well, four of them, at least. I thought quintessence only came from
Elementine.¡±

   His frown deepened. ¡°Strange. I planted details about all of this into
your mind years ago¡ªthe same time I gave you the location of the
unmapped stars and the formula for frissyn. Odd that it didn¡¯t trigger
with everything else¡ªand it¡¯s even weirder that it¡¯s not triggering
right now, given that we¡¯re actively discussing it.¡±
   ¡°Great,¡± Sophie mumbled, slumping down on the bed. ¡°Another
way I¡¯m malfunctioning.¡±

   ¡°Any error for this would be on my part, not yours,¡± Mr. Forkle
assured her. ¡°There¡¯s no perfect method for implanting memories into
someone else¡¯s mind¡ªand I was very concerned about the information
triggering too early, especially since I knew you¡¯d be exposed to so
many human teachings during your schooling and I wasn¡¯t familiar
enough with their curriculum to know what words to avoid. I must¡¯ve
hidden certain things too well.¡±

   Amy scooted closer and gave Sophie¡¯s hand a gentle squeeze. ¡°You
okay?¡±

   ¡°Oh sure.¡± Sophie couldn¡¯t tell if the tightness in her chest was from
tears she was holding back¡ªor laughter. ¡°Just another typical day in
my life as the moonlark. It¡¯s always an adventure¡ªand apparently I¡¯m
not the only one here who knows what it¡¯s like to be an experiment.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯re not,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed, absently rubbing his hip.
   And Sophie wanted to keep sulking¡ªbut there were still too many
important things to discuss. So she forced herself to straighten up and
ask, ¡°Does that mean if I enhanced you right now, you¡¯d be able to
inflict again?¡±
   ¡°I highly doubt it. As you probably noticed in your memory, the
ability only activated for me when I kept failing to get through to you.
So I¡¯m assuming adrenaline and desperation were factors. Plus¡­¡±
   ¡°Plus¡­?¡± Sophie prompted when he didn¡¯t finish the sentence.
   ¡°Well,¡± he said, turning back to the window. ¡°This is my own
personal theory, so take it with a grain of salt¡ªas humans love to say.
But I¡¯ve long been curious about whether your enhancing was also
affected by everything that happened to your abilities that day. It¡¯s
hard to know, since we didn¡¯t make any of our own tweaks to the
power¡ªand it works perfectly well as it is. It¡¯s just that¡­ it must¡¯ve
taken a tremendous amount of strength to temporarily trigger an ability
hidden in such an insanely small percentage of my DNA. And I can¡¯t
help wondering if that means you actually have more to give, and that
this new reset¡ªif you choose to do it¡ªwill boost your enhancing back
up to that level.¡±

   ¡°New reset,¡± Amy repeated, tugging on Sophie¡¯s arm to make Sophie
look at her. ¡°I think I missed that part when I was still recovering from
the memory. Is that as dangerous as it sounds?¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s worse,¡± Sandor told her, with a glare at Mr. Forkle to make it
clear he was still bitter about the way his objections had been silenced
earlier.

   ¡°Then you¡¯re not going to do it, are you?¡± Amy asked.
   ¡°I don¡¯t really have a choice,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°If I don¡¯t let them
reset me, I¡¯m stuck with a broken ability¡ªor two broken abilities,
apparently.¡±
   ¡°The enhancing is only a theory,¡± Mr. Forkle reminded her. ¡°And
neither ability is broken.¡±
   ¡°Right. They just don¡¯t do what they¡¯re supposed to do,¡± Sophie
argued as a dark laugh bubbled out of her chest. She turned back to her
sister. ¡°Remember Dad¡¯s blue car? The one that was in the shop so
much, he called it his Lemonmobile? That¡¯s¡­ me. Everyone loves to
tease me about how often I end up in the Healing Center¡ªand some of
that is the Neverseen¡¯s doing. But I swear the rest comes from the fact
that I¡¯m basically defective.¡±
   ¡°No, you¡¯re not!¡± Mr. Forkle snapped, stalking closer with such
intensity that Sophie shrank back, leaning on her sister. ¡°I understand
your frustrations, Miss Foster. And I¡¯m not going to tell you how to
feel. But I hope you also remember at least some of the incredible
things that you¡ªand only you¡ªare able to do, as well as the
tremendous things you¡¯ve accomplished because of those powers. I
realize it¡¯s not easy being one of a kind. I also understand how natural
it is to fixate on the negative, particularly in a moment like this, when
you¡¯re facing another complication. And I won¡¯t deny that we¡¯ve run
into unexpected challenges. But none of that makes you defective.
You¡­ are my greatest success.¡± He stepped closer, reaching for her
hands. ¡°Never lose sight of how special you are, Sophie. You¡¯re unique
in a way that no one else ever can or will be¡ªand only part of that
comes from our experiments, by the way. The rest comes from you.
From the bright, brave, brilliant girl you naturally are. And I hope you
know that as far as all of us involved with your creation are concerned,
you exceed our expectations every single day.¡±

   The words were some of the most wonderful things that anyone had
ever said to Sophie.

   But for some reason, they only threw kindling on her anger.
   Maybe she was tired and frustrated and sick of being manipulated.
   Or maybe she just needed answers.
   Either way, she finally snapped back with the question she¡¯d been
avoiding. ¡°Does that include Councillor Bronte?¡±
   Mr. Forkle frowned. ¡°What do you mean?¡±
   ¡°The people involved with my creation,¡± Sophie clarified. ¡°That
includes Bronte, right?¡±
   ¡°Why would it?¡± Mr. Forkle asked.
   Sophie rolled her eyes. ¡°You¡¯re really going to make me say it?¡±
When he stayed silent, she sat up straighter, holding his stare as she
said, ¡°Fine. I know Bronte has to be my biological father.¡±
   Amy sucked in a breath. ¡°He¡¯s the pointy-eared guy we rode the
alicorns with, right? The one who let me keep my memories?¡±
   Sophie nodded, not taking her eyes off Mr. Forkle, whose
expression was as inscrutable as ever.
   ¡°Well?¡± she prompted. ¡°Anything you have to say to that?¡±
   He cleared his throat. ¡°I suppose I should¡¯ve realized you¡¯d jump to
that conclusion, given the rarity of his ability. And I won¡¯t deny that I
studied his DNA as I developed the tweaks I made to your inflicting.
But that¡¯s the full extent of his involvement in Project Moonlark¡ªand
he has no idea he was even a source of inspiration. I gathered the
sample of his DNA without his permission and conducted all of my
research without his knowledge.¡±

   ¡°And I¡¯m just supposed to believe that?¡± Sophie argued.
   ¡°I would hope so, since it¡¯s the truth.¡± He looked away, shaking his
head. ¡°You¡¯ve also met Bronte¡ªand seen how he treated you and our
order. Can you honestly see him agreeing to be a part of Project
Moonlark?¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t know¡ªthat could¡¯ve been his way of trying to cover up his
involvement,¡± Sophie countered.
   Mr. Forkle sighed and reached up to rub his temples. ¡°It wasn¡¯t.
And I¡¯m only going to say this one more time, Miss Foster: Councillor
Bronte is not your biological father. So I need you to put that thought
out of your mind¡ªand call off any investigations you and your friends
might be making into it¡ªbefore you start rumors that could cause a
nightmare of drama and headaches.¡±
   ¡°If you don¡¯t want us investigating, you should tell me who my
genetic parents are,¡± Sophie told him. ¡°That¡¯s the only way it stops.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ve told you¡ªI can¡¯t do that.¡±
   ¡°Why not?¡± Amy asked when Sophie didn¡¯t bother.
   ¡°I can¡¯t tell you that, either,¡± Mr. Forkle said, and Sophie mouthed
his answer along with him, nailing the words and his inflection. ¡°I
can¡¯t,¡± he added, when he noticed Sophie¡¯s mimicry.
   ¡°Maybe not,¡± Sophie said quietly. ¡°But I can¡¯t let it go, either. And¡­
I can¡¯t trust someone who¡¯s hiding things from me.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m hiding them for good reason,¡± Mr. Forkle assured her.
   ¡°Even if that¡¯s true,¡± Sophie told him, ¡°you¡¯re also asking me to
trust you with my life¡ªagain. Asking me to swallow something I¡¯m
deathly allergic to and trust that whatever remedy you give me¡ªusing
another huge needle, by the way¡ªwill stop the reaction before I die.
I¡¯m supposed to do all of that, and you won¡¯t even trust me enough to
tell me a simple truth about my life that I deserve to know.¡±

   Mr. Forkle turned away, pacing across the room.
   ¡°Is that what this is, then?¡± he asked, his voice ominously low.
¡°¡®Tell me who my biological parents are or I won¡¯t let you reset my
inflicting¡¯?¡±
   Sophie hadn¡¯t realized it was until he spelled it out that way.
   ¡°Yes,¡± she said quietly.
   ¡°That is¡­ unfortunate,¡± he gritted out as he paced back the other
way.
   ¡°It is,¡± Sophie agreed, refusing to worry that she was being stubborn
or selfish.
   She¡¯d taken every single risk the Black Swan had ever asked of her¡ª
plus dozens more.
   And they repaid her by hiding the one secret she¡¯d ever demanded
in return.
   Silence followed¡ªnothing but Mr. Forkle¡¯s shuffling steps and
Sophie¡¯s pounding heart for thirty-seven breathless beats.
   Then he told her, ¡°Well then, if that¡¯s your decision, I guess we¡¯re
done here.¡±
   Sophie nodded, proud of her legs for not shaking as she pulled out
her home crystal and stood to face him. As Sandor moved to her side,
she transmitted a promise to Amy that she¡¯d hail her later.
   ¡°I guess we are done,¡± Sophie told Mr. Forkle, holding his gaze as
she raised her crystal to the light.
   And she didn¡¯t hesitate when she leaped away.
                EIGHTEEN

SOOOOOOOO¡­ THESE ARE DISAPPOINTING.¡± Keefe took a second bite

from a round Digestive biscuit and crinkled his nose. ¡°Are they
supposed to suck up all the spit in your mouth and turn it into a paste?
Is that, like, something humans find delicious?¡±

   ¡°Maybe you¡¯re supposed to dunk them in milk?¡± Sophie suggested,
trying not to spray crumbs as she struggled to swallow the bite she¡¯d
taken. They really did win the prize for Driest. Cookies. Ever.
¡°Actually, I think you¡¯re supposed to eat them with tea.¡±

   ¡°You think?¡± Keefe asked, shaking his head and stuffing the rest of
the Digestive into his mouth. ¡°You¡¯re failing me with your human
knowledge, Foster.¡±

   ¡°For the thousandth time, I grew up in the U.S., not the U.K.!¡± she
reminded him. ¡°We had Chips Ahoy! and Oreos and E.L. Fudges!¡±

   ¡°Hm. Those do sound more fun than a Digestive,¡± Keefe conceded.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure you¡¯d especially enjoy the E.L. Fudges,¡± Sophie told him.
¡°They¡¯re shaped like tiny elves.¡±
   Keefe dropped the package of Jaffa Cakes he¡¯d been in the process
of opening and scanned the beach in front of them. ¡°Okay, where¡¯s the
nearest cliff? You need to teleport me somewhere to get some of those
immediately.¡±
   ¡°She most certainly does not,¡± Sandor corrected from his position in
the doorway that connected the patio they were on to the rest of the
Shores of Solace.
   Sophie couldn¡¯t tell if he¡¯d chosen that spot to keep an eye on both
the house and the shoreline, or if he was there to keep Lord Cassius
away from them. Either way, she was just glad Sandor hadn¡¯t fought
her¡ªtoo hard¡ªabout the visit.

   ¡°Aw, come on, Gigantor!¡± Keefe whined. ¡°We¡¯re talking about elf-
shaped cookies! I need this in my life!¡±

   ¡°So do I!¡± Ro added. ¡°Do you have any idea how much fun I would
have smashing them?¡±

   Sophie laughed, and Keefe leaned back against the arm of the large
cushioned swing they¡¯d been sharing, watching the sun slowly sink
toward the ocean.

   ¡°There¡¯s the smile I¡¯ve been waiting for! It¡¯s about time, Foster! I
wasn¡¯t sure how many more biscuits I¡¯d be able to stomach. I mean,
these weren¡¯t too bad¡±¡ªhe picked up the Jammie Dodgers from the
stack of cookie packages piled between them¡ª¡°but note to self: Next
time Foster shows up out of the blue, clearly upset over something
she¡¯s been worrying about all day and yet refuses to talk about, stick
with mallowmelt for the cheer-up process.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s gaze dropped to the pack of Custard Creams they still
hadn¡¯t opened. ¡°I didn¡¯t need cheering up. And I¡¯m not worrying about
anything.¡±

   ¡°Uh, do I really need to remind you that I¡¯m an Empath?¡± he asked.
¡°Or can I just pelt you with the rest of these Digestives? It¡¯d be way
better than having to eat them.¡±

   He wasn¡¯t wrong about anything he¡¯d just said¡ªbut Sophie still
stuck with the safer topic.

   ¡°I¡¯m not feeling a whole lot of gratitude from you here for all the
effort I went through to bring you back your biscuit shopping list¡ª
plus bonus treats,¡± she pointed out.
   ¡°You mean having Dizznee pull some money from your birth fund
and then hitting up a shop for a couple of minutes?¡± Keefe asked.
¡°Yeah, Dex told me all about how not exhausting that was last night,
when he checked in to tell me how things went for you two in London,
while someone was off doing something with Mr. Forkle that was clearly
both frustrating and intense¡ªas most things with Forkle tend to be.¡±

   ¡°Hey, I still thought of you!¡± Sophie argued, ignoring the obvious
nudge he was giving the conversation. ¡°That counts for something.¡±

   ¡°It does indeed, Foster,¡± Keefe said quietly, fidgeting with another
Digestive. ¡°It does indeed.¡±

   A beat of silence followed before he cleared his throat and added,
¡°But do you really think you¡¯re going to be able to leave here without
telling me what happened with the Forklenator? If you do, you¡¯re
going to be sorely, sorely disappointed¡ªand covered in biscuit
crumbs.¡±

   ¡°Don¡¯t worry, she came here to talk to you about it,¡± Ro jumped in.
¡°The cookies were just her excuse. You gonna deny it?¡± she asked
when Sophie turned to scowl at her.

   Sophie definitely wanted to.
   But¡­ Ro was right.
   Sophie had spent the day avoiding Grady and Edaline¡¯s questions
about where Mr. Forkle had taken her¡ªand ignoring whoever kept
hailing her on her Imparter. And after a few hours of that, her
bedroom had started to feel smaller and smaller and smaller. She¡¯d
been ready to beg Silveny to fly her somewhere far away when she¡¯d
noticed the bag of biscuits on her floor, and the next thing she knew,
she was teleporting to the Shores of Solace again and claiming she¡¯d
wanted to bring Keefe his London cookies before they got stale.
   ¡°The thing is,¡± she said, scooting back as far as she could on the
swing, since space felt important in that moment, ¡°I made a decision
yesterday¡ªand it probably wasn¡¯t the right decision, or the smart
decision, but I made it anyway because¡­ I just had to. And I¡¯m sure I
can take it back if I want, but¡­ I don¡¯t want to. And I figured you might
understand that better than a lot of other people would.¡±

   ¡°Soooooooo, what you¡¯re saying is, you think I¡¯m the king of bad
decisions,¡± Keefe said, laughing when Sophie fumbled for an apology.
¡°Relax¡ªI know what you meant. I¡¯m just giving you a hard time. And
you have a point. I¡¯m not necessarily great at doing what I¡¯m supposed
to do and giving people what they want. And I¡¯m not usually sorry
about it either.¡±

   ¡°Don¡¯t forget about all of the self-sabotage!¡± Ro added. ¡°I can
happily provide numerous examples.¡± She ducked when Keefe flung
the package of Digestives at her. ¡°That all you got, Cookie Boy?¡±

   Keefe rolled his eyes and turned back to Sophie. ¡°Anyway¡­ how can
I help?¡±

   Sophie dropped her gaze back to the packs of biscuits, tracing her
gloved fingers along the logo for the Hobnobs. ¡°I guess I just wanted
to talk to someone who might not judge me for what I decided, since
I¡¯m pretty sure most people are going to say I made the wrong call¡ª
and they¡¯re probably right. I know what the smart thing to do is. I¡¯m
just so sick of always being the good little moonlark, you know?¡±

   ¡°Sorta?¡± Keefe said, waiting for her to look at him. ¡°I mean, you
came to the right place¡ªthis is definitely a judgment-free zone. But it
miiiiiiiiiiight help if you tell me what the decision actually was. Just,
you know, for clarity.¡±

   Sophie gave in to the urge to tug on her itchy eyelashes as she
explained what had happened in her missing memory, and how Mr.
Forkle wanted to reset her inflicting and enhancing, and why she¡¯d
refused and leaped away.
   ¡°So¡­ you chose to not let the Black Swan almost kill you¡ªagain,¡±
Keefe said when she¡¯d finished. ¡°And you think people are going to
judge you for that?¡±

   ¡°They should,¡± Sophie mumbled. ¡°I have the chance to have an
ability¡ªor maybe two abilities¡ªthat might actually help us take down
the Neverseen. And I know better than anyone how badly we¡¯re going
to need that kind of power.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, but you also know better than anybody what it feels like to
almost die from a huge allergic reaction,¡± Keefe countered.

   ¡°I do,¡± Sophie agreed.
   Her sister had said pretty much the same thing when Sophie had
hailed her to check on her after she¡¯d leaped back to Havenfield. Amy
had been firmly on Team Don¡¯t-You-Dare-Let-Them-Convince-You-
to-Risk-Your-Life-Again.
   But¡­ Amy was also human.
   She didn¡¯t really understand the gigantic problems the entire planet
was facing, or how they threatened the safety of every single species.
   ¡°The thing is,¡± Sophie admitted quietly, ¡°that¡¯s not why I said ¡®no¡¯
to what Mr. Forkle was asking. I¡¯m used to pain. I don¡¯t like it¡ªbut it¡¯s
not like it¡¯s a deal-breaker or anything. And I¡¯m not that worried about
surviving, since I¡¯m pretty sure Mr. Forkle, Elwin, and Livvy would
find a way to get me through. I even know how valuable the abilities
might be. I just¡­ I¡¯m sick of everyone telling me to trust them when
they clearly don¡¯t trust me. And I¡¯m really tired of no one caring about
what I want when it comes to¡­ pretty much anything. I mean, would it
be so hard for someone to say, ¡®Hey, Sophie, we get how rough this is
for you and we want to do something to make your life a little easier¡¯?
Is that such an unreasonable dream? Especially since all I¡¯ve been
asking for is a tiny bit of personal information?¡±
   ¡°That one hundred percent makes sense,¡± Keefe promised, and
Sophie felt her shoulders relax a little¡ªuntil he added, ¡°which is why I
have to ask why I feel so much guilt coming from you when you say it.
And yeah, it¡¯s definitely guilt¡ªdon¡¯t try to deny it. The same stuff that
can shatter your sanity if you let it get out of control, so¡­ we kinda
need to figure out how to stop you from feeling so much of that,
okay?¡±

   Sophie curled her knees into her chest, focusing on the subtle
swaying of the swing in the cool ocean breeze. It made it easier for her
to say, ¡°I guess it¡¯s because I¡¯m being selfish. And I¡¯m supposed to be
better than that.¡±

   ¡°Because you¡¯re the moonlark?¡± Keefe asked.
   She nodded. ¡°The entire reason I exist is so I can use my abilities to
stop the Neverseen. I didn¡¯t have parents who loved me and wanted to
have a child to add to their family¡ª¡±
   ¡°Neither did I,¡± Keefe pointed out. ¡°I¡¯m here for my ¡®legacy.¡¯¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Sophie said, hating that Keefe had to live with that. ¡°But¡­
at least for you, doing the right thing means ignoring all of their plans.
It¡¯s the opposite for me. I was created to do a job. A pretty important
one, from what I can tell. And here I am, refusing to do it simply
because I¡¯m trying to find a way to make my life a little more normal.
And that¡¯s just¡­ really selfish and silly of me. It¡¯s like an Imparter
saying, ¡®Hey, I¡¯m sick of you telling me who to hail all the time¡ªI¡¯m
not going to do it anymore until you tell me why you made me a
square!¡¯¡±
   ¡°Uh, but you¡¯re not an Imparter, Foster¡ªthough I appreciate the
little voice you just did there to really sell the character,¡± Keefe teased.
¡°But in all seriousness¡­ I see what you¡¯re trying to say. The thing is,
though, the Black Swan didn¡¯t make a gadget. They made a person. So
they¡¯re going to have to deal with the fact that you have a mind of your
own¡ªand a pretty darn smart one too. It¡¯s okay to trust yourself
sometimes. If something feels wrong to you, it probably is wrong. And
if it feels like someone¡¯s taking advantage of you, they probably are.¡±

   ¡°I guess.¡± Sophie sighed, hugging her knees tighter. ¡°But¡­ I keep
thinking about how I¡¯m going to feel if someone gets hurt the next
time we run into the Neverseen, and I¡¯ll have to wonder if I could¡¯ve
stopped it if I hadn¡¯t been so stubborn and agreed to fix my inflicting.¡±

   ¡°But you shouldn¡¯t do that.¡± Keefe reached toward her, and for a
second she wondered if he was going to take her hand¡ªbut he
grabbed the Jammie Dodgers instead. ¡°I know you¡¯re not going to
believe me when I say this, but I¡¯m going to say it anyway because you
clearly need to hear it¡ªand I think it might even be why you came
here to talk to me. So¡­ listen closely: It¡¯s not your job to protect
anyone, Sophie. No matter what you think¡ªor how many abilities you
have¡ªor what plans the Black Swan had when they created Project
Moonlark. The only job you have is to be Sophie Foster. And you get to
decide who Sophie Foster is.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, I guess you¡¯re right,¡± Sophie said, turning back to the sunset.
A sad smile curled her lips as she added, ¡°I don¡¯t believe you. But¡­
thanks.¡±

   ¡°Anytime.¡± Keefe crunched on another cookie, and Sophie closed
her eyes, letting everything he¡¯d said float around her head for a few
more seconds.

   It sure would¡¯ve been nice if her life really could be that simple.
   But the world was far, far too complicated.
   ¡°So¡­ how goes the memory searching?¡± she asked, needing to fill
the silence.
   He shrugged. ¡°Nothing new so far¡ªand nice subject change. Don¡¯t
think I didn¡¯t notice.¡±
   Sophie snatched the Jammie Dodgers away from him and pulled out
another cookie, twisting the two halves slowly back and forth,
determined to find a way to separate them. ¡°What about our other
project?¡±

   Keefe¡¯s eyebrows shot up. ¡°If you mean the Bio-Mommy-and-Daddy
Quest, I¡­ wasn¡¯t sure you¡¯d be in the mood to talk about that after
yesterday.¡±

   Sophie gave her cookie another careful twist, finally feeling the
stubborn jam separate. She held the two halves up triumphantly, then
licked the raspberry off of her fingers. ¡°I don¡¯t know¡ªI¡¯m kinda
feeling more determined than ever to find out what Mr. Forkle¡¯s
hiding from me.¡±

   Keefe flashed his widest grin yet, leaning back and giving her
several slow, proud claps. ¡°You hear that, Ro? Our sweet little Foster¡¯s
bringing the fight to the Forklenator.¡±

   ¡°I like it!¡± Ro agreed. ¡°Now if only she¡¯d realize¡ª¡±
   ¡°So what do you think?¡± Keefe jumped in, before Ro could finish
that sentence. ¡°Was Forkle telling the truth about Bronte? Or lying to
throw you off track?¡±
   ¡°No idea,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°I mean¡­ he seemed pretty surprised
when I said it. But I guess that doesn¡¯t really tell us anything.¡±
   ¡°Does that mean you still want to go ahead with the awesome-
Empath-gets-all-the-answers plan?¡± he asked.
   ¡°Is that what we¡¯re calling it?¡± Sophie wondered.
   Keefe smirked. ¡°I¡¯m also good with calling it Keefe-to-the-Rescue!
¡ªbut that applies to so many things, you know? Plus, then I¡¯d need
you to start calling me your hero and swooning occasionally in my
presence.¡±
   Sophie flung half of her cookie at him, and the raspberry side
splatted perfectly against his cheek, suctioning on.
   ¡°Oh, you wanna start the biscuit war, Foster?¡± Keefe asked, not
even bothering to remove the Jammie Dodger from his face as he
snatched the box of Jaffa Cakes and tore it open. ¡°Because I can bring
it.¡±

   Sophie was tempted.
   A cookie fight sounded way more fun than discussing biological-
parent theories.
   But she¡¯d already lost the majority of the day to a mix of fuming and
sulking and avoiding everybody.
   So she set down the other half of her jam-covered weapon as a
cookie surrender and caught Keefe up on what she¡¯d discussed with
the rest of her teammates¡ªhow she¡¯d agreed to let Biana and Stina
help, as well as Stina¡¯s theory about Lady Cadence.
   Keefe whistled at that last revelation. ¡°Wow, that does kinda make
sense. I don¡¯t know how I missed her when I made my list¡ªand if she
is your bio-mom, please tell me we can dump a bunch of curdleroots on
her head for lying to you.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯d be good with that,¡± Sophie told him, needing an extra second to
work up the courage to ask, ¡°So¡­ you have a list?¡±
   ¡°A short one, yeah.¡± He hesitated for a beat before he offered,
¡°Want me to go get it?¡±
   Sophie chewed her lip. ¡°Maybe just tell me one of the names as a
start?¡±
   ¡°Sure¡ªthough you don¡¯t know any of them, so I¡¯m not sure if it¡¯ll
mean a whole lot. But one of the genetic-mom options is Lady
Pemberley. She¡¯s blond and a Telepath, so it seems worth looking into.
But she¡¯s also married and has a kid, and I kinda feel like we¡¯re looking
for someone who lives alone, since they¡¯d be putting their family in
danger by getting involved in all of this.¡±
   ¡°Makes sense.¡± Sophie told herself to leave it there, but somehow
she still found herself asking, ¡°So¡­ she has a kid?¡±

   Keefe nodded. ¡°A son. Actually, I think you¡¯ve met him¡ªhis name¡¯s
Dempsey. He was a Level Six when you were a Level Two, and I feel
like I remember you showing him who¡¯s boss in a splotching match
one time.¡±

   ¡°That does sound familiar,¡± Sophie agreed.
   She didn¡¯t recall him being all that nice¡ªthough she had just
defeated him in front of the whole school and splattered his face with
bright orange goo.
   ¡°Want me to see if Biana and I can coordinate a confrontation for
Lady Pemberley?¡± Keefe offered.
   ¡°I don¡¯t know,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°I think we¡¯re going to need to be
careful about how many people find out what we¡¯re searching for. The
more times we¡¯re wrong, the more we risk that rumors will start flying
and my biological parents will go into hiding¡ªor at least be prepared
to lie if we confront them.¡±
   Plus, it could cause a lot more speculation about her matchmaking
status, but Sophie wasn¡¯t in the mood to remind him about that.
   ¡°I was wondering about that too,¡± Keefe said, finally peeling the
Jammie Dodger off his face. ¡°We might need a new strategy.¡±
   ¡°Like what?¡± Sophie asked.
   He popped the cookie into his mouth, then licked his thumb and set
to work removing the sticky jam residue left on his cheek. ¡°Still
working on it. Might have to get a bit creative.¡±
   ¡°I like creative!¡± Ro agreed.
   Sandor muttered something unintelligible¡ªthough Sophie was
pretty sure she caught the word ¡°ridiculous.¡±
   ¡°In the meantime,¡± Keefe said, swiping the last of the raspberry
smear off of his face, ¡°you still haven¡¯t answered the extra-super-
duper-important question, Foster.¡±
   ¡°And what¡¯s that?¡± Sophie asked.
   He motioned for her to lean in closer, like he was afraid his father

might be eavesdropping.
   ¡°The question is¡±¡ªhis eyes locked with hers¡ª¡°when are you taking

me to go get some of these magical E.L. Fudge thingies? Because
they¡¯re officially a need, Foster. I neeeeeeeeeeeed tiny elf-shaped
cookies in my life. I can¡¯t believe you¡¯ve never brought me any before!
In fact, I kinda feel like that¡¯s a betrayal of our friendship!¡±

   The question was so unexpected that Sophie couldn¡¯t stop the loud
snort-laugh from bursting out, which of course was followed by a fit of
embarrassed giggles.

   ¡°You¡¯re not laughing your way out of this one either, Miss F!¡± Keefe
warned her. ¡°I expect another cookie delivery ASAP¡ªand this time it
needs to have all those kinds you mentioned, plus anything else shaped
like an elf. And you¡¯d better be able to answer all my questions about
them and not give me any excuses about¡­¡±

   ¡°About?¡± Sophie asked when his voice trailed off¡ªright before she
realized his eyes were focused on something over her shoulder.

   Or someone.
   Sophie had never thought she¡¯d hope to turn around and find Lord
Cassius standing there watching her¡ªbut she definitely would¡¯ve
preferred him over the handsome, teal-eyed guy with the crossed arms
and the surly brow.
   ¡°Hey, Fitzy¡¯s here!¡± Keefe said, shooting a quick glare at Sandor¡ª
though this wasn¡¯t totally Sandor¡¯s fault.
   Fitz hadn¡¯t come through the door that Sandor had been guarding,
instead using a side patio entrance that Sophie hadn¡¯t even noticed.
Grizel stood several steps behind him, and Lord Cassius loomed
several steps behind her, tucked in the shadows of the arched doorway,
almost like he¡¯d intentionally snuck Fitz onto the patio.

   Then again, that didn¡¯t explain why Ro and Sandor hadn¡¯t warned
them that they had visitors¡ªunless the reason for that was because no
one needed a warning.

   Once again, Sophie had to remind herself that she and Keefe
weren¡¯t doing anything wrong.

   Keefe had asked for biscuits.
   She¡¯d brought him biscuits.
   Then they¡¯d talked for a bit¡ªbecause they were friends.
   And Fitz knew they were friends.
   ¡°You need to get in on this, Fitzy,¡± Keefe said, holding up the box of
Jaffa Cakes. ¡°Foster and Dizznee proved that they¡¯ll do anything I ask
them to¡±¡ªhe made a dramatic, evil laugh¡ª¡°and brought me a bunch
of human cookies. They¡¯re mostly disappointing, I¡¯m not gonna lie.
But! There are still a few we haven¡¯t tried, and who knows? They might
be the life-changing ones. And you can help me convince Foster to go
get us these elf-shaped cookies I¡¯m just now learning about¡ªthough I
also think she owes us all an apology for not telling us about the elf-
shaped cookies sooner, don¡¯t you? And I think she needs to use her
teleporting way more often. I¡¯m thinking we should give her a weekly
Forbidden Cities item to track down for us. Maybe then I¡¯ll finally be
able to try Ding Dongs. I don¡¯t know what they are¡ªbut I read
something about them in my research, and I mean, they¡¯re called ¡®Ding
Dongs,¡¯ so I¡¯m here for it. You with me?¡±
   He held up his hand like he was hoping Fitz would stride over and
give him a high five.
   Fitz did not.
   ¡°Looks like you¡¯re having an interesting day,¡± Grizel said, her voice
extra husky as she sauntered over to Sandor.
   ¡°You have no idea,¡± Sandor squeak-murmured. ¡°And I¡¯m pretty sure
it¡¯s about to get worse.¡±

   Sophie had the same feeling, especially when she forced herself to
meet Fitz¡¯s eyes and was not gifted with one of his perfect smiles.

   ¡°Have you tried hailing me today?¡± she asked, really, really, really
hoping he hadn¡¯t.

   ¡°Three times,¡± he told her.
   Even Keefe winced at that.
   Okay, so maybe that was why Sophie felt so bad.
   ¡°I¡¯m sorry,¡± she said, standing up from the swing to face him. ¡°It¡¯s
been kinda a rough day¡ªbut I guess that¡¯s not a very good excuse.¡±
   ¡°It isn¡¯t,¡± Fitz agreed.
   Silence followed, and Sophie wished Keefe would break it with
another ramble about E.L. Fudges.
   But he was too busy glaring at his father, while Lord Cassius raised
one eyebrow back at him.
   She cleared her throat and took a few steps toward Fitz¡ªstopping
before actually reaching him. ¡°How did you know I was here?¡±
   ¡°I didn¡¯t,¡± he admitted, ¡°though maybe I should¡¯ve guessed?¡±
   ¡°Yeah, we were working on¡±¡ªshe glanced at Lord Cassius and
corrected the rest of that sentence¡ª¡°that project Keefe¡¯s helping me
with¡ªtrying to come up with an alternate strategy in case we need to
be a little subtler.¡± And because she didn¡¯t want him to think she was
hiding anything from him, she added, ¡°We also talked through a
couple of other things I still need to tell you about.¡±
   ¡°How come you¡¯re here, Fitzy?¡± Keefe asked, jumping in before Fitz
could ask any of the harder questions, like when Sophie had been
planning to tell him about those things or why she hadn¡¯t come to him
first. ¡°Finally ready for that bramble rematch? If so, I say loser has to
eat the rest of the Digestives.¡± He pointed to the slightly smashed
package he¡¯d tossed at Ro earlier.

   ¡°Actually, Fitz is here to help me,¡± Lord Cassius interceded,
smoothing the sides of his hair.

   Keefe¡¯s eyes narrowed at his dad. ¡°With what?¡±
   ¡°With a new project of my own.¡± Lord Cassius studied his cuticles
as he added, ¡°It¡¯s not lost on me, Keefe, that you¡¯ve been drawing so
tediously lately because you¡¯re attempting to sort through your
memories, searching for fragments of things your mother might¡¯ve
erased. I don¡¯t understand why you¡¯re working by hand when it would
be so much more efficient to have a Telepath assist you with a task like
that¡ªand clearly Miss Foster would be more than willing. But
regardless of your foolish planning, your little mission got me
wondering whether your mother dared to erase anything from my
mind over the years.¡±
   ¡°I bet she did,¡± Keefe warned him. ¡°It sounded like she had a
Washer on standby in case we saw anything or heard anything she
didn¡¯t want us to.¡±
   ¡°Yes, that¡¯s the conclusion that I reached as well,¡± Lord Cassius
noted, his eyes and voice darkening as he said it. ¡°I¡¯ve worked with
Telepaths before, searching for clues your mother might¡¯ve let slip
around me. But we weren¡¯t checking to see if anything had been stolen
away. So young Mr. Vacker here has agreed to help me search my
memories yet again. And this time, we¡¯ll see if I can find what your
mother tried to hide from me.¡±
                NINETEEN

YOU¡¯RE GOING TO SEARCH MY dad¡¯s memories?¡± Keefe asked, shaking

his head when Fitz nodded. ¡°Why?¡±
   Fitz¡¯s shrug didn¡¯t look quite as casual as he probably wanted it to.

¡°Someone has to.¡±
   ¡°Okay, but why you?¡± When Fitz didn¡¯t answer, Keefe turned to his

father. ¡°Why not ask whoever you worked with last time? Or Quinlin
Sonden? Or Alden? Or Tiergan? Or even Forkle?¡±

   Lord Cassius smoothed his hair again. ¡°Young Mr. Vacker has
proven to be every bit as powerful as any of them. Perhaps even more
so. And he has a much more flexible schedule.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, but that¡¯s not why you picked him,¡± Keefe argued.
   ¡°It isn¡¯t,¡± Lord Cassius agreed, his eyes flashing with enough glee
that Sophie could guess his ulterior motive.
   He¡¯d chosen his son¡¯s best friend knowing it would make Keefe
uncomfortable¡ªprobably as punishment for all the times Keefe had
rebelled.
   ¡°Mind you, the ideal candidate would¡¯ve been young Miss Foster,¡±
Lord Cassius added. ¡°But she¡¯s always so busy with you.¡±
   Before Sophie could formulate a response¡ªor even parse out what
Lord Cassius was implying¡ªRo patted the side of her breastplate and
told him, ¡°Sounds like it¡¯s time to bust out my extra fun bacteria
buddies. Get ready to lose a lot of body fluids, Lord Snootypants.¡±
   ¡°Nah, save ¡¯em for when it¡¯ll really be worth it,¡± Keefe told her,
stalking over to his father and tilting his head. ¡°You wanna share all of
our family secrets with the Fitzster¡ªyou do that. I have nothing to
hide.¡±

   ¡°Neither do I.¡± Lord Cassius flashed a particularly oily smile before
turning his attention back to Fitz. ¡°I¡¯m assuming you¡¯d like to visit
with your friends for a few minutes¡ªbe my guest. But don¡¯t keep me
waiting too long. I¡¯ll be in my office.¡±

   Keefe whistled as Lord Cassius left the way he¡¯d come. ¡°Wow. Have
fun with that, Fitzy.¡±

   He sounded so calm and casual that Sophie almost believed him. But
she knew Keefe better than that. She¡¯d seen the terrified, broken
version of Keefe tucked behind his mask of snark and indifference.
And she couldn¡¯t blame him for being bothered by this.

   He didn¡¯t try to hide the abuse he¡¯d suffered¡ªbut he definitely
wasn¡¯t an open book about it either. And now Fitz was going to read
the extended, annotated version, complete with sound and visuals.

   ¡°I¡¯d like to go on the record and make it clear that I was against this
idea from the start,¡± Grizel informed all of them.

   Fitz rolled his eyes, and Sophie stepped closer to him, keeping her
voice low as she asked, ¡°Why would you agree to this without telling
us?¡±

   ¡°Uh, maybe I tried to tell you but someone ignored my hails¡ªeven
though you promised you weren¡¯t going to do that anymore?¡± he
snapped back.

   There was nothing Sophie could say to that except, ¡°Sorry.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, me too.¡± Fitz looked away. ¡°And just so you know, I agreed
to do this to help Keefe. If Lady Gisela tried to hide something from
Lord Cassius, we need to find it. And I figured Keefe would rather
have someone he trusts poking around his father¡¯s memories¡ª
someone he knows won¡¯t tell anyone about anything he finds.¡±
   ¡°Except none of those other people that Keefe suggested were
strangers,¡± Sophie couldn¡¯t help reminding him. ¡°And some of them
he¡¯d even worked with before.¡±

   ¡°Okay, everyone, relax! It¡¯s fine!¡± Keefe flopped back down on the
swing and scooped up the box of Custard Creams. ¡°This is definitely
not worth you two having your first Fitzphie fight over it. Seriously.
Spend as much time with my dad as you want, Fitzy¡ªand if you feel
like telling people all about the fun things you learn, fine by me. If
Daddy Dearest is cool with you knowing exactly how awesome he is to
live with, by all means, spread the Sencen shame!¡± He tore open the
box and fished out one of the biscuits. ¡°Ooo, these ones are fancy!
Check that out!¡±

   He held up one of the rectangular sandwich biscuits and pointed to
the swirling filigree pattern on the top. ¡°Looks promising, doesn¡¯t it?
But there¡¯s only one way to tell.¡±

   Pale yellow crumbs showered his tunic after he took a huge bite,
and he closed his eyes as he chewed. ¡°Hm. Still a little on the bland side
¡ªbut the cream center really helps. Definitely the best so far. You
guys should get in on this.¡±

   ¡°Ugh, I think I¡¯m on biscuit overload,¡± Sophie admitted.
   ¡°Better stop, then,¡± Keefe told her. ¡°We don¡¯t want you tossing your
cookies¡ªif you know what I mean.¡±
   He looked very proud of his wordplay, so Sophie let him enjoy it.
   ¡°What about you, Fitzy?¡± Keefe asked, shaking the package of
Custard Creams. ¡°You¡¯ve yet to experience the wonder of a British
biscuit. And trust me, if you¡¯re going to spend hours poking around my
dad¡¯s brain, you could use a good sugar rush.¡±
   Fitz ran a hand through his hair as he made his way over, reaching
for a cookie and¡ª
   Keefe snatched Fitz¡¯s wrist. ¡°I knew it!¡±
   ¡°Knew what?¡± Fitz shouted, trying to wrench his arm away.
   Keefe tightened his grip. ¡°Shhhhh, let the Empath work.¡±
   ¡°Ugh, a little help here?¡± Fitz asked Grizel, who was talking to
Sandor, barely paying him any attention.
   ¡°No, this one¡¯s your mess!¡± Grizel called over her shoulder. ¡°You
can get yourself out of it!¡±
   ¡°Relax, Fitzy, no need to take your frustrations out on the poor
innocent biscuits!¡± Keefe told him when Fitz¡¯s next escape attempt
nearly sent the rest of the Custard Creams plummeting toward the
floor. ¡°I¡¯ll let go in a second. First things first. It feels like¡­ Yep!
There¡¯s definitely another reason you signed on to be my dad¡¯s
personal memory boy. Something you¡¯re embarrassed of and super
angry about, so¡­ I¡¯m guessing it has to do with your brother?¡±
   Fitz muttered about Empaths as he stopped struggling.
   ¡°I take it that¡¯s a yes?¡± Keefe confirmed.
   Fitz nodded. ¡°Your dad said he knows how to find Alvar and offered
to track him down for me if I help with this.¡±
   Keefe released Fitz¡¯s wrist. ¡°Sounds about right. And okay, three
things.¡± He held up his right hand to count them off. ¡°One: Take a
Custard Cream. Seriously.¡± He waited until Fitz had grabbed one of
the cookies before he continued. ¡°Two: Uh, you know my dad will
claim anything to get what he wants, right? I mean, I¡¯m not saying you
made a bad call¡ªhopefully you¡¯ll also find some juicy secrets my mom
tried to hide. But just¡­ prepare yourself for disappointment, okay?
Odds are, my dad only knows one tiny, useless thing about your
brother¡ªif that¡ªand you¡¯re going to want to punch him.¡±
   ¡°And if that¡¯s the case,¡± Ro jumped in, ¡°punch away!¡±
   ¡°Oh, don¡¯t worry, I will,¡± Grizel assured her.
   ¡°So will I.¡± Fitz took a tentative bite of the Custard Cream. ¡°Wow,
human cookies are dry, aren¡¯t they?¡±
   ¡°You think that¡¯s bad, try the Digestives,¡± Keefe told him.
   ¡°Yeah, uh, pass.¡± Fitz finished his Custard Cream anyway¡ªand
reached for another, Sophie noticed¡ªas he told Keefe, ¡°I know
learning anything useful from your dad is a long shot. But I¡¯m not
making any progress on my own, so¡­¡±
   ¡°I get that,¡± Keefe promised. ¡°I do. But what I don¡¯t get is thing
three.¡± He counted it off on his fingers as he asked, ¡°Why didn¡¯t you
just tell me this had to do with Alvar from the start? Did you really
think I wouldn¡¯t understand?¡±
   ¡°Honestly?¡± Fitz stuffed the rest of his second cookie into his
mouth, spritzing crumbs when he said, ¡°I don¡¯t know.¡±
   Keefe nodded slowly, grabbing another Custard Cream and prying
the two halves of the sandwich apart. ¡°Life¡¯s¡­ getting complicated,
huh?¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± Fitz agreed, examining a Jammie Dodger like it held the
secrets of the universe.
   ¡°I swear, watching boys try to communicate is like watching
amoebas,¡± Ro told Sophie during the long silence that followed. ¡°You
just stare at their blobby little bodies and think, ¡®How do these things
even function?¡¯¡±
   ¡°Hey, who you calling blobby?¡± Keefe complained, pulling back his
tunic sleeves and flexing his arm muscles, which were pretty
impressive¡ªnot that Sophie would ever tell him that.
   Ro snorted. ¡°You elves are so adorably puny.¡±
   ¡°Aren¡¯t they?¡± Grizel asked. ¡°I swear, I have swords that weigh
more than some of them.¡±
   ¡°Um, excuse me, I complete your training regimen every day,¡± Fitz
reminded her, ¡°even with my healing leg.¡±
   ¡°You do,¡± Grizel agreed, before turning toward Ro and stage-
whispering, ¡°Do you think I should tell him that it¡¯s the same workout
we have our toddlers start with in Gildingham?¡±
   Fitz scowled.
   Keefe smirked. ¡°I think the moral of this conversation is, females

are cruel.¡±
   ¡°They can be,¡± Fitz said quietly.
   He didn¡¯t look at Sophie as he said it¡ªbut the not-looking almost

made it worse.
   And Sophie was fairly certain that another apology wasn¡¯t going to

get her out of this new mess she¡¯d created, but she still had to transmit
a quick I¡¯m really sorry.

   I know, Fitz transmitted back. We¡¯ll¡­ talk later.
   Sure, she thought, regretting every biscuit she¡¯d eaten.
   All the sugar and carbs churned in the pit of her stomach as Fitz
cleared his throat and told Keefe, ¡°I guess I shouldn¡¯t keep your father
waiting.¡±
   ¡°You shouldn¡¯t¡ªand don¡¯t go easy on him in there,¡± Keefe warned.
¡°You¡¯ll never find anything my mom hid if you let him push you
around.¡±
   ¡°Oh, don¡¯t worry, I have big plans to make this as miserable as
possible for him,¡± Fitz assured him.
   Keefe grinned. ¡°That¡¯s what I like to hear! If you need pointers for
maximum annoyance, you know where to find me.¡±
   ¡°I do,¡± Fitz agreed.
   ¡°Wow, did they just fist-bump?¡± Ro asked.
   ¡°You bet we did!¡± Keefe told her. ¡°That¡¯s what besties do, right,
Fitzy?¡±
   Fitz¡¯s nod couldn¡¯t necessarily be described as ¡°enthusiastic.¡±
   But he still made the gesture.
   Even gave Keefe half a smile as Fitz turned to head down the hall.
   ¡°Ugh, the one time I¡¯d been counting on you to annoy Fitz into
storming off so I wouldn¡¯t have to stand guard duty around your
father,¡± Grizel grumbled to Keefe, ¡°you have to go and be all mature.¡±

   ¡°What can I say? I like to keep people on their toes. Biscuit to ease
the pain?¡± Keefe held out the pack of Jammie Dodgers.

   Grizel snatched the cookies and stomped off after Fitz.
   ¡°Oh, but Fitzy?¡± Keefe shouted as Fitz reached the bend in the hall.
¡°I want to know all the memories you see, okay? Not because¡­
whatever. It¡¯s just possible there¡¯s something in his head that¡¯ll knock
something loose in mine, you know?¡±
   Fitz gave him a thumbs-up.
   ¡°Boys,¡± Ro told Sophie. ¡°They really are high-functioning amoebas.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s a good thing we¡¯re cute, right?¡± Keefe countered.
   When Ro didn¡¯t agree, Keefe launched into a long pondering on
whether Ro considered Bo to be a ¡°hunky ogre,¡± and Sophie decided to
flee before the bacteria started flying.
   But she couldn¡¯t leave without making sure Keefe was okay.
   He assured her he would be¡ªand the third time he said it, he almost
sounded convincing.
   He also promised he¡¯d try to come up with a subtler plan for
investigating the names on his list of possible biological parents. But
Sophie wasn¡¯t holding out much hope on that front.
   ¡°Subtle¡± wasn¡¯t really a word that fit with ¡°Keefe Sencen.¡±
   ¡°Thanks again for the biscuits,¡± he said as she dug out her home
crystal. ¡°And don¡¯t think I¡¯m going to forget about the E.L. Fudges you
owe me.¡±
   Sophie had no doubt she¡¯d be hearing about them endlessly.
   ¡°I¡¯ll find a way to get you some,¡± she promised, ignoring Sandor¡¯s
protests¡ªthough those weren¡¯t as spirited as they normally were.
   She wondered if that meant Sandor had already resigned himself to
the fact that elf-shaped cookies were going to have to happen.

   And Sophie was about to leap away when she realized she had one
more thing she wanted to tell him. ¡°Thanks for listening, Keefe. It¡­
really helped.¡±

   Keefe¡¯s smile was slower than usual¡ªbut it lit up his whole face.
¡°Anytime, Foster. And I meant what I said. You¡¯re not doing anything
wrong. But if you change your mind and go ahead with the reset? I¡¯ll
be right there to make sure you get through safe.¡±

   Sophie nodded. And she¡¯d just pulled Sandor into the light when
Keefe called after her, ¡°Oh, and don¡¯t worry about the Fitzster. I¡¯ll talk
to him.¡±

   Lots of ogre curses filled the air as the rushing warmth swept
Sophie away.

Back at Havenfield, Sophie lasted about ten minutes in her bedroom
before the walls closed in. And she had to give Grady and Edaline
credit. When they saw her stumbling down the stairs with her
comforter, pillows, and Ella, all they¡¯d said was, ¡°What else do you
need?¡±

   Even Sandor and Bo didn¡¯t argue with Sophie¡¯s plan. They just set to
work rearranging the nightly patrols to better cover Calla¡¯s Panakes
tree. And thanks to Edaline¡¯s conjuring, it only took a couple of
minutes to get a hefty mound of pillows and blankets neatly arranged
under the swaying branches.

   Wynn and Luna seemed to think the campout was the greatest idea
that Sophie had ever had, and were snuggled up in her makeshift bed
even before Sophie had added the final pillows.

   Iggy didn¡¯t mind it either. He was snoring like a garbage truck
within about thirty seconds of Grady setting his cage next to Calla¡¯s
trunk.
   ¡°So¡­ is this going to be a regular thing?¡± Edaline asked as she and

Grady helped Sophie crawl past the tangle of alicorn legs to get under
her covers.

   ¡°I don¡¯t know,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°I just¡­ couldn¡¯t breathe inside
tonight.¡±

   ¡°I know the feeling,¡± Edaline told her, kissing Sophie on her
forehead.

   ¡°And I¡¯m not trying to be nosy, kiddo,¡± Grady added. ¡°But¡­ I have
to ask if this has anything to do with your meeting with King Enki.¡±

   ¡°I have a meeting with King Enki?¡± Sophie asked.
   Grady nodded. ¡°The Council¡¯s taking you, me, and your team to
Loamnore in two days¡ªand since you clearly didn¡¯t know that, I guess
that answers my question.¡±
   ¡°Yeah,¡± Sophie said, feeling a whole new set of worries stack up
inside her brain. ¡°Wow. I¡¯m¡­ getting really bad at this.¡±
   ¡°Bad at what?¡± Edaline asked, lowering herself to the grass and
petting Luna¡¯s sparkly rump.
   ¡°Juggling,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°I used to be so much better at
keeping track of all the things I needed to focus on. But now¡­¡±
   She¡¯d barely thought about the dwarves.
   Or Team Valiant.
   Or Tam.
   The last one hit the hardest.
   Especially when she considered how much time she¡¯d spent
focusing on herself¡ªfighting about healing her abilities. Stressing
about boy stuff, and matchmaking stuff, and her biological parents.
   ¡°Why is it so hard to remember what really matters?¡± she asked
quietly, staring up at the stars.
   ¡°Because it all matters,¡± Edaline told her, reaching for Sophie¡¯s
hand. ¡°And for the record, I think you do a pretty amazing job of
juggling everything.¡±

   ¡°Thanks,¡± Sophie mumbled.
   But she still needed to do better.
   And she would.
   Her mind put together a long to-do list as Grady and Edaline
finished tucking her in. And she buried all the silly, selfish stuff down
at the bottom.
   She put Team Valiant at the top, since she¡¯d never checked in with
Wylie and Stina about their meeting with Lady Zillah. And even
though she was dreading it, she needed to check in with Bronte and
Oralie¡ªfind out when the Council would be announcing their Regent
appointments.
   Priorities, she told herself. It¡¯s all about priorities.
   She repeated that over and over¡ªalong with a vow to not let herself
get sidetracked again¡ªas she closed her eyes. And as she slept, it felt
like Calla¡¯s tree was cheering her on.
   Singing about the perfect balance of the forest.
   How every tree has its place.
   And Sophie woke with the sunrise, ready to start fresh in the new
day.
                  TWENTY

FRIEND! FRIEND! FRIEND! FRIEND! FRIEND!

   No¡ªthat¡¯s absolutely NOT your friend! Sophie transmitted for what
had to be the twentieth time.

   And once again, Wynn immediately countered with another burst of
FRIEND! FRIEND! FRIEND! FRIEND! FRIEND!

   Sophie reached up to rub her temples.
   Bits of torn grass showered her lap, and she didn¡¯t want to know
how much more was tangled in her hair. Probably half a pasture¡¯s
worth, thanks to all the rolling around she¡¯d done while tackling two
baby alicorns and dragging them away from the gorgodon¡¯s enclosure.
   Sandor had offered to help, but she¡¯d wanted to handle this on her
own. After everything she¡¯d been through with Silveny and Greyfell,
Wynn and Luna kinda felt¡ªin a weird way¡ªlike a new obnoxious
baby brother and sister.
   Sophie wanted to prove that she could take care of them.
   She just wished they¡¯d cooperate a little.
   FOR THE LAST TIME, she said, trying not to think about how sore
she was going to be the next day, or how muddy her clothes were, THE
GORGODON IS NOT YOUR FRIEND!
   Wynn looked at his twin sister¡ªsome secret thought passing
between them¡ªbefore they both filled Sophie¡¯s head with a fresh
chorus of FRIEND! FRIEND! FRIEND! FRIEND! FRIEND!
   Sophie groaned, wondering if her brain could actually explode from
the sheer volume of their transmissions.
   Or maybe from her own frustration.
   She¡¯d thought dealing with Silveny was exhausting, thanks to the
mama alicorn¡¯s demanding side, and her tendency to transmit almost
everything in blocks of three. But that was nothing compared to the
intensity of simultaneous mental shouting from two baby alicorn
troublemakers.
   And they showed no sign of stopping, or any remorse for how badly
they¡¯d frightened her.
   In fact, they seemed to be building steam, their chants growing
faster¡ªlouder. More high-pitched.
   ENOUGH! Sophie snapped after the thirty-first FRIEND! crashed
into her head.
   She jumped to her feet, looming over the sparkly winged horses and
giving them each her sternest glare.
   She¡¯d tried reasoning.
   Tried begging.
   All she had left was threatening.
   If you won¡¯t promise to stay away from the gorgodon, she warned, then
I¡¯m going to tell your parents where I found you guys today and let them
decide how to punish you!
   Sadly, the words didn¡¯t have as much impact as Sophie had hoped.
   Or any at all.
   The stream of FRIEND! transmissions held steady, and Sophie was
tempted to let Sandor take a stab at putting fear into them after all. Or
maybe she¡¯d call Bo over from wherever he was patrolling and let them
face down an angry ogre warrior.
   Instead, she stalked off through the pastures, making it clear that
she was prepared to make good on her threat.
   And Wynn and Luna galloped happily after her, as if they were
heading off for an afternoon of adventure together.
   It didn¡¯t help that Sophie had no idea where to actually find Silveny
and Greyfell, and kept guessing places that turned out to be busts. The
alicorns weren¡¯t confined like the other animals, because it was safer
for them to have the option to teleport¡ªthough she might need to tell
Grady and Edaline to reconsider that arrangement if Wynn and Luna
didn¡¯t get over their inexplicable obsession with the gorgodon.

   Sophie truly didn¡¯t understand the creature¡¯s appeal to the stubborn
baby alicorns. Sure, sometimes she felt a little sorry for the unruly
beast, since it was the last of its kind and had lived through some
particularly horrible things. But it was also ugly and angry and seemed
determined to destroy anyone and everything simply because it could.

   Definitely not an ideal playmate.
   And yet, Wynn and Luna were convinced that the gorgodon was
their FRIEND!
   No barrier seemed capable of keeping them away, either.
   Sophie still had no idea how the twins had slipped past all the wire
that Grady and the gnomes had carefully wrapped around the
enclosure after the last time Wynn had paid the gorgodon a visit. She¡¯d
checked everywhere for a gap, or a spot where the wire was loose, or
for some sort of tunnel near the base¡ªanything she could use to get
Wynn and Luna out of there.
   But there was nothing.
   Even the gnomes who¡¯d rushed over when they¡¯d realized what was
going on couldn¡¯t figure it out, and Sandor had been forced to slash a
new opening with his sword for them to use as an extraction point.
   And all the while, the gorgodon had been striking at Wynn and
Luna with its venomous, scorpion-like tail¡ªcoming so close to death
blows that Sophie had to keep shutting her eyes, unable to watch the
horror that seemed about to unfold.
   But somehow, each time, Wynn and Luna managed to keep on
flying.

   And when the gnomes had finally coaxed them out of the enclosure
with an absurd amount of swizzlespice, they didn¡¯t even have a scratch
on them¡ªwhich was why Sophie hadn¡¯t felt guilty about channeling
all of her mental strength into a baby-alicorn tackle and hauling them
far away by their gangly little legs.

   She¡¯d tried her best to make them understand how lucky they were
that she¡¯d been outside and realized what was going on with enough
time to get them away from the deadly beast before something
seriously tragic had happened. But none of that had gotten through to
the stubborn twins.

   So it was time to let their parents take over¡ªand when Sophie
finally found Silveny and Greyfell grazing near the pterodactyl
enclosure, she braced for some epic freaking out.

   But both the mama and papa alicorns kept right on munching as
Sophie recounted the story.

   And when Sophie finished, Silveny didn¡¯t even bother raising her
head when she transmitted, BABY OKAY! BABY OKAY!

   It wasn¡¯t a question.
   It was a reassurance.
   As if she wanted Sophie to know that she¡¯d been worrying for
nothing.
   Sophie glanced at Greyfell, hoping he¡¯d take over as Overprotective
Daddy. But he just shook his mane and chomped down another
mouthful of grass.
   I don¡¯t think you understand, Sophie told them, wondering if the
danger had been somehow lost in the translation between their
languages. Or maybe they didn¡¯t realize how bad it had been because
she hadn¡¯t let herself scream while it was all happening, trying not to
escalate the situation.

   So she shared her actual memories from the morning, letting
Silveny and Greyfell see exactly how close they¡¯d come to losing one or
both of their children.

   And still, Silveny simply nuzzled Sophie¡¯s shoulder and transmitted,
BABY STRONG! BABY STRONG!

   Then Greyfell told Wynn and Luna to run along and play.

¡°I don¡¯t get it,¡± Sophie grumbled after she¡¯d stomped inside and
recounted the whole harrowing tale again. Edaline had definitely
looked shaken, and Grady had raced outside to check in with the
gnomes at the gorgodon¡¯s enclosure¡ªthe kinds of reactions she
should have gotten from Silveny and Greyfell. ¡°How can they not care?
They were so overprotective when Silveny was pregnant¡ªshouldn¡¯t
they be even more so now?¡±

   ¡°I don¡¯t think this has anything to do with not caring,¡± Edaline
assured her. ¡°You¡¯ve seen how they both dote on Wynn and Luna. I
think¡­ they just trust their children to handle themselves. Like Silveny
said, ¡®BABY STRONG!¡¯¡±

   ¡°But Wynn and Luna almost died!¡± Sophie argued.
   ¡°I know. But¡­ they didn¡¯t. And obviously I can¡¯t speak for Silveny¡¯s
decision-making¡ªor Greyfell¡¯s, for that matter. But we all know that
they both went through some pretty difficult things before they came
to live with us. And even with our protection, they¡¯ve still endured
several attempts on their lives. The world isn¡¯t safe for sparkly flying
horses. So maybe they¡¯re trying to prepare their children for that
reality, knowing that Wynn and Luna are going to need to be strong
and fast and brave if they want any shot of surviving. It¡¯s the struggle
every parent faces as their children grow up. Trust me, we all wish we
could lock our kids in a bubble and never let anyone or anything go
near them¡ª¡±

   ¡°And I¡¯d be happy to arrange that,¡± Sandor jumped in.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure you would,¡± Edaline said with a teasing smile. ¡°But we¡¯re
not going to. Because that¡¯s not how life works. If parents did that, our
children would be miserable¡ªand they¡¯ll inevitably step into reality
someday anyway, whether we want them to or not. So the best thing
we can do is teach them the skills they need to survive, even when that
means letting them take big risks.¡±
   ¡°Right, but¡­ Silveny and Greyfell weren¡¯t teaching them anything
today,¡± Sophie argued. ¡°They weren¡¯t even there watching!¡±
   ¡°That doesn¡¯t mean they haven¡¯t been doing things to prepare Wynn
and Luna at other moments,¡± Edaline reminded her. ¡°Or, for all you
know, they could¡¯ve had a telepathic connection open the entire time
that Wynn and Luna were in with the gorgodon, guiding them through
what to do.¡±
   Sophie sighed. ¡°I guess. Wynn and Luna just seem so young and
tiny to be taking that kind of chance.¡±
   ¡°Well, things are different with animals,¡± Edaline noted. ¡°But, it¡¯s
also funny you should say that, since I have that same thought every
time I have to step back and let you and your friends dive headfirst
into one of your plans. No matter how brave and grown-up you get,
you¡¯ll always be too young and tiny for the frightening things the Black
Swan asks you to do.¡±
   Sophie became very interested in scraping at the dried mud on her
gloves.
   Edaline placed her hand over Sophie¡¯s, waiting for their eyes to
meet before she said, ¡°I know Mr. Forkle asked you to do something
dangerous, Sophie. He wouldn¡¯t tell us what, but given the Black
Swan¡¯s track record, I¡¯m assuming the stakes will be very high. So¡­ I¡¯m
trying to take some pointers from Silveny and tell myself, SOPHIE
STRONG! SOPHIE STRONG!¡±

   Sophie looked away. ¡°It¡­ might not happen.¡±
   ¡°Really?¡± Edaline¡¯s voice sounded awfully hopeful, and she cleared
her throat before she asked, ¡°Any particular reason why?¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m still trying to decide if I want to do it,¡± Sophie admitted.
   Edaline tightened her grip on Sophie¡¯s hand. ¡°Well then, I¡¯m very
proud of you. It takes a lot of courage to remember that you really do
have a choice in all of this.¡±
   Sophie wondered if Edaline would be so proud if she knew why
Sophie was rebelling.
   ¡°If you need to talk¡­,¡± Edaline added.
   ¡°I know,¡± Sophie told her.
   Silence followed, until Edaline cleared her throat again. ¡°See what I
mean about being a parent? Here I am, not pressuring you¡ªor Sandor
¡ªfor more information, even though we all know I want to. And I¡¯m
not saying that as a hint, or to guilt you into sharing. I just bet you
anything that Silveny wasn¡¯t nearly as calm as she seemed when you
talked to her. I¡¯m sure her head was full of things she stopped herself
from saying because she¡¯s letting Wynn and Luna have their freedom,
knowing that¡¯s the best thing for them in the long run.¡±
   ¡°I guess,¡± Sophie said, ¡°but¡­ why go through all that stress for this?
It¡¯s not like they¡¯re going to run into a lot of gorgodons in the wild.¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Edaline agreed. ¡°But I¡¯m sure there¡¯s a reason.¡±
   ¡°So¡­ you¡¯re okay with Wynn and Luna hanging out in the
gorgodon¡¯s enclosure, then?¡± Sophie had to ask.
   ¡°Absolutely not!¡± Grady said behind them, and Sophie wondered
how long he¡¯d been back inside. ¡°The gnomes are wrapping the cage
with a second layer of wire as we speak, following a new pattern to
cover different spaces and gaps. And when they¡¯re done with that, I
asked them to add a third layer in a third pattern, all of which should
close off whatever weak spot the twins used to slip through today. But
just to be safe, I¡¯ve also asked Bo and Flori to keep an eye on the area
as much as they can, to make sure we¡¯re not missing something.
Silveny and Greyfell can be as permissive as they want to be¡ªbut I¡¯m
not letting anything happen to those babies on my watch.¡±

   Sophie definitely agreed.
   Which was why she dragged herself back outside and spent the rest
of the first part of the afternoon trying to get Wynn and Luna to make
a new ¡°friend¡± with one of the other, safer creatures living in
Havenfield¡¯s pastures.
   They weren¡¯t interested in the verminions, which Sophie couldn¡¯t
blame them for. The giant purple rodents were particularly
curmudgeonly¡ªand had very large fangs.
   And the mammoths and mastodons could far too easily trample the
tiny alicorns, so Sophie steered them away from those.
   She also didn¡¯t introduce them to any of the creepy giant bug things,
since they gave her the heebie-jeebies.
   Which really only left her top choice: Verdi¡ªHavenfield¡¯s
permanent resident. Sure, the neon green, fluffy T. rex struggled
occasionally with her vegetarian diet. But Verdi and Sophie had been
through enough together that Sophie knew Verdi would obey her
command not to harm the alicorns. And Wynn and Luna did seem to
enjoy swooping around Verdi¡¯s head until she let out one of her mighty
roars.
   But as soon as Sophie left them alone to play, Wynn and Luna raced
off, heading straight for the gorgodon¡¯s enclosure.
   ¡°I know that look,¡± Marella¡¯s familiar voice said from somewhere
off to Sophie¡¯s left. ¡°That¡¯s your I want to strangle someone look.¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re not wrong,¡± Sophie admitted, turning to face her pale,
pixielike friend, who stood smirking at her while playing with a couple
of the braids scattered throughout her long blond hair.

   And Marella wasn¡¯t alone.
   Linh was with her, looking fiercer than usual in a fitted orange
tunic, with her shiny black hair pulled back into a severe bun. She¡¯d
wrapped the strands in a way that left her trademark silver-tipped ends
fanned out around the base of her neck. And her silver-flecked eyes
were rimmed in dark liner that winged up at the corners.
   But it was the third girl who Sophie really hadn¡¯t been expecting.
   The last time she¡¯d seen Maruca, her dark hair had been
straightened. But now it hung in long, gorgeous dreadlocks, half of
which were pulled into a complicated twist on top of her head. She still
had a streak of blue in the middle, which made her turquoise eyes pop
¡ªthough she¡¯d also lined them with a shimmering gold liner that
glowed perfectly against her rich brown skin. And her full lips were
painted the same deep fuchsia as her silk tunic.
   But Maruca didn¡¯t smile when her gaze met Sophie¡¯s. Instead, her
jaw set with enough determination that Sophie tried to come up with
somewhere else¡ªanywhere else¡ªshe needed to be Right. That.
Second.
   Sophie hadn¡¯t forgotten the promise she¡¯d made to Wylie to keep
his cousin out of the Black Swan.
   She just also hadn¡¯t been smart enough to plan what she¡¯d say
whenever Maruca turned up to make her request.
   ¡°Do you have a minute to talk?¡± Maruca asked, in a tone that was
somehow both friendly and firm.
   ¡°Of course she does,¡± Marella answered before Sophie could
respond, batting her huge ice blue eyes. ¡°Sophie may not spend as
much time with us as she spends with her other friends, but she¡¯d never
ignore us¡ªespecially when we¡¯ve made the effort to stop by for a visit.¡±

   ¡°I wouldn¡¯t,¡± Sophie agreed, raising her eyebrows in a way that
hopefully made it clear to Marella that she meant it. ¡°So¡­ what do you
guys need?¡±

   ¡°Oh, Linh and I are just here so Maruca doesn¡¯t wimp out,¡± Marella
told her, rolling up the sleeves of her white, lacy tunic¡ªwhich was
much crisper than Sophie would¡¯ve expected. Everything Marella wore
tended to look like it had spent a significant amount of time on the
floor.

   ¡°And we wanted to cuddle the baby alicorns!¡± Linh added, her
cheeks turning their usual soft pink tone as her gaze shifted toward
the direction that Wynn and Luna had run off.

   ¡°Don¡¯t be fooled by their cuteness,¡± Sophie warned. ¡°They¡¯re little,
sparkly, flying monsters.¡±

   ¡°Is that why you look like you¡¯ve been getting your butt kicked in
tackle bramble for the last few hours?¡± Marella asked, and Sophie¡¯s
face burned as she realized she was still covered in grass and mud and
who knew what else, thanks to her wrestle session with Wynn and
Luna¡ªwhich really wasn¡¯t fair, considering how perfect and put
together Marella, Linh, and Maruca all looked.

   ¡°Let¡¯s just say that babysitting twin alicorns isn¡¯t as fun as it
sounds,¡± Sophie told them, making a few halfhearted swipes at the
grime on her tunic. There really wasn¡¯t much of a point¡ªshowering
and changing would be the only actual solution. Best she could do was
comb her fingers through the worst of the tangles in her hair.

   ¡°Well then, you deserve a break!¡± Linh told her. ¡°I¡¯ll take it from
here!¡± She called Wynn¡¯s and Luna¡¯s names and ran off to find them.

   ¡°That girl sure loves animals,¡± Marella said, shaking her head as she
watched Linh disappear around a bend. ¡°I caught her talking to her
murcat the other day¡ªand not, like, ¡®Are you hungry, Princess
Purryfins?¡¯ which I could sorta understand. It was like a full-on
conversation.¡±

   ¡°Um. Hang on. She named her murcat Princess Purryfins?¡± Sophie
had to ask.

   ¡°Don¡¯t even get me started,¡± Marella grumbled. ¡°Though I¡¯m pretty
sure she did it so Tam would have to say the words ¡®Princess Purryfins¡¯
on a regular basis¡ªand I¡¯m definitely all for that.¡±

   Sophie tried to smile. But not only did the anecdote remind her that
she should be focusing a lot harder on getting Tam back¡ªit also made
it painfully clear how much she¡¯d been neglecting her friendship with
Linh.

   Marella sighed. ¡°I know I¡¯m good at giving you a hard time for not
hanging out with everybody equally. But¡­ I do get how much you¡¯re
dealing with, and how hard it has to be to keep up with all of it and
occasionally sleep and eat and see your boyfriend.¡±

   It was a miracle Sophie didn¡¯t cringe at the last word.
   Despite Fitz saying they¡¯d ¡°talk later,¡± she¡­ hadn¡¯t heard from him.
   And she¡¯d been too big of a wimp to reach out.
   She was pretty sure that made her the worst girlfriend in the world
¡ªif she even was his girlfriend anymore.
   Every day that was feeling less and less clear.
   ¡°Linh¡¯s doing okay,¡± Marella promised, probably assuming that the
sigh that slipped out of Sophie¡¯s lips was for something less selfish.
¡°We¡¯ve been training together every day¡ªand it¡¯s super handy to have
someone who controls water around when I meet with Fintan.¡±
   Sophie stood taller. ¡°Linh goes to your Fintan lessons?¡±
   Marella nodded. ¡°Mr. Forkle thought it would be safer, since she
can drown any flames. She¡¯s only gone once, so far, but the lesson went
way better with her there. I think Fintan¡¯s impressed with her.¡±
   Absolutely none of that sounded like good news.
   Sandor must¡¯ve agreed, because he muttered a string of goblin
swear words under his breath.
   ¡°Well¡­ wow,¡± Sophie mumbled, feeling miles behind the curve.
¡°Anything I need to know about your lessons¡ªor about what you and
Linh are working on?¡±
   ¡°Probably. But that¡¯s not what we came here to talk about.¡± Marella
shot a meaningful look at Maruca, who¡¯d been standing so quietly,
Sophie had almost forgotten that she was there. ¡°And I should go
make sure Linh hasn¡¯t renamed the alicorns Prince Shimmernose and
Princess Sparklefeathers or something. I swear, if she and Keefe ever
get together, I¡¯d feel super sorry for their kid.¡±
   ¡°Does she like Keefe?¡± Sophie blurted out¡ªher face heating about a
million degrees when she realized how nosy she was being. ¡°Never
mind. I shouldn¡¯t have asked that.¡±
   ¡°Probably not,¡± Marella agreed. ¡°But maybe not for the reason
you¡¯re thinking? And on that bombshell¡ªI¡¯m out! Have a good chat,
you two! Miss me!¡±
   Marella gave a teasing salute before she wandered off in the same
direction that Linh had gone, leaving Sophie with a little whiplash as
she tried to figure out what that last comment was supposed to imply.
   ¡°Gotta love how unapologetically honest she is, huh?¡± Maruca
asked, breaking the silence. ¡°I¡¯m trying to get better about doing the
same thing¡ªtell it like it is a little more.¡±
   Sophie cleared her throat. ¡°Yeah¡­ and I think I know what you¡¯re
here to tell me.¡±
   ¡°I know you do,¡± Maruca said, tossing back a couple of her dreads.
¡°Just like I know Wylie talked to you.¡±
   ¡°You do?¡±
   ¡°Of course. He means well and I love him. But he¡¯s also a paranoid
pain who makes me want to punch him.¡±

   ¡°He¡¯s not paranoid,¡± Sophie corrected gently. ¡°Really bad things can
happen to anyone who gets involved in this. Look at where Tam is
right now.¡±

   ¡°I know.¡± Maruca stepped closer, clearly not backing down. ¡°But
I¡¯m good with taking those kinds of risks. I know Wylie doesn¡¯t want
me to¡ªand that¡¯s sweet of him. I appreciate it. But that doesn¡¯t mean
he gets to dictate my life for me. And since I¡¯m sure you¡¯ve had your
share of people trying to make decisions for you because they think
they know better than you do, I¡¯m hoping you¡¯ll at least hear me out.¡±

   Sophie sighed and motioned for Maruca to follow her over to the
shade of Calla¡¯s Panakes tree.

   ¡°Full disclosure,¡± Sophie said while she sank down onto the grass,
¡°it took me years to finally get on good terms with your cousin, and I
really don¡¯t want to do anything to make him mad at me again.¡±

   ¡°I get that,¡± Maruca agreed, noticeably not sitting. ¡°Just like I¡¯m
sure the next thing you¡¯re going to tell me is that you aren¡¯t in charge
of who gets to join the Black Swan and who doesn¡¯t.¡±

   ¡°Well¡­ I¡¯m not,¡± Sophie had to point out.
   ¡°Maybe not. But come on¡ªpretty much all the new members have
been your friends,¡± Maruca argued. ¡°Don¡¯t even try to say there¡¯s not a
connection.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, well, for one thing, Mr. Forkle and I aren¡¯t really on great
terms right now, so I¡¯m not sure if I¡¯m the best ally,¡± Sophie admitted.
¡°But even if I am, you realize I don¡¯t exactly love how many people I¡¯ve
dragged into this, right? If I¡¯d never made friends with Tam and Linh
at Exillium, he wouldn¡¯t be trapped with the Neverseen right now.¡±
   ¡°And if you hadn¡¯t, Atlantis would be destroyed, and you guys
would¡¯ve been captured in Ravagog, and who knows what other stories
I haven¡¯t heard?¡± Maruca countered.
   ¡°I know,¡± Sophie said quietly. ¡°I¡¯m not saying I necessarily regret it.

But¡­ if something happens to any of you, I can¡¯t help blaming myself.
And it¡¯d be extra hard with you, because Wylie made me promise to
keep you out of this. So¡­ lots of guilt¡ªand you know how dangerous
guilt is.¡±

   ¡°I do.¡± Maruca¡¯s shoulders drooped and she stared at her hands.
¡°Why do you think I¡¯m here? I don¡¯t want to risk my life, or worry my
mama, or Wylie, or anyone else. But you guys need me. I can keep you
safe.¡±

   ¡°How?¡± Sophie and Sandor asked in unison.
   Maruca¡¯s eyebrows rose. ¡°I take it that means Wylie didn¡¯t tell you?¡±
   ¡°About your ability?¡± Sophie clarified. ¡°He told me you manifested,
and he made it sound like you can do something pretty powerful. But
he wouldn¡¯t tell me what it was.¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s because he knows it changes everything,¡± Maruca said,
tossing back more of her dreadlocks. ¡°Trust me. Once you know what I
can do, you¡¯ll want me with you everywhere you go.¡±
   Sophie had a feeling she was going to regret this, but now she
definitely had to know. ¡°Okay, show me,¡± she said, leaning back
against Calla¡¯s trunk and crossing her arms.
   Maruca nodded, looking both proud and nervous as she raised one
hand, her fingers poised to snap.
   Sophie assumed that meant she was about to reveal herself as a
Flasher.
   But the light that flared around Maruca was a glaring white curve
that bent into a dome.
   A force field.
   ¡°You¡¯re a Psionipath,¡± Sophie breathed, stumbling to her feet.
   ¡°I am.¡± Maruca snapped her fingers again, forming another perfect
force field, this time around Sophie¡ªwhich Sandor looked less than
thrilled about, given that it separated him from his charge. ¡°I saw how
crucial the Neverseen¡¯s Psionipath was during the fight at Everglen.
He kept his people safe and controlled all of you. And I can do exactly
the same thing.¡±

   She snapped her fingers a third time, making both force fields
disappear¡ªthen snapped again to form a single glowing dome around
Calla¡¯s entire Panakes tree, caging her, Sophie, and Sandor in a wall of
energy that grew thicker and thicker, until it was almost humming.

   ¡°I¡¯m a Psionipath,¡± Maruca emphasized. ¡°I¡¯m the piece you¡¯ve been
missing. And if you let me fight on your side, I can turn this game in
our favor.¡±
              TWENTY-ONE

THE THING IS¡­¡± SOPHIE KNEW she was about to sound like one of the

boring, lecture-y adults she¡¯d rolled her eyes at lots of times over the
last few years. But she needed to be very clear, and not get too wowed
by the shiny force field glowing around them, even if her brain was
screaming, MARUCA¡¯S A PSIONIPATH¡ªTHIS CHANGES
EVERYTHING!

   She¡¯d made a promise to Wylie to keep his cousin safe and out of
the Black Swan¡ªshe had to at least try to hold up her end of that
bargain.

   ¡°This isn¡¯t a game,¡± she warned Maruca. ¡°I¡¯ve called it that before
too, because it¡¯s easier to think of it that way. But it¡¯s not. It¡¯s war. Not
the global, multispeciesial battle that Mr. Forkle thinks we¡¯re building
toward¡ªyet. But still. War.¡±

   Maruca didn¡¯t flinch at the word.
   But she did blink.
   And so did her force field.
   The white light fizzled away for a couple of seconds before
flickering back into place, like an old fluorescent light bulb.
   ¡°See?¡± Sophie asked, making sure to keep any triumph out of her
voice. This wasn¡¯t about being right¡ªit was about making Maruca
understand the stakes. ¡°That¡¯s all it takes. One moment of distraction.
One second when you lose focus or let your guard down. I¡¯ve seen it
over and over¡ªand I¡¯ve done it myself, so I¡¯m definitely not judging
you for it, I promise. It happens sometimes. But when it does, people
get hurt. Or die.¡±

   Maruca swallowed hard. ¡°I know. But I only manifested a few weeks
ago. I¡¯m still learning how to control my ability. I haven¡¯t even told
Magnate Leto yet, or been assigned to a Mentor. Once I start taking
lessons, I¡¯ll be able to do a lot more.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m sure you will,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°But¡­ maybe you should wait to
get involved with the Black Swan until you¡¯re stronger and have had
some time to practice. Because once the Neverseen know what you can
do, you¡¯ll be their biggest target. And you¡¯ll be going head-to-head
with Ruy, who¡¯s had years of training as a Psionipath¡ªnot to mention
tons of battle experience. He¡¯s fast, and he¡¯s strong, and he knows all
kinds of crazy tricks. And right now, you won¡¯t stand a chance against
him.¡±

   ¡°Not necessarily,¡± Linh called from somewhere over Maruca¡¯s
shoulder.

   It took Sophie a second to spot Linh striding toward them, along
with Marella¡ªand Wynn and Luna, who trotted ahead and sniffed
curiously at the force field.

   ¡°I saw the light,¡± Linh explained, ¡°and knew Maruca was going to
need us for this next part.¡±

   ¡°Next part?¡± Sophie asked.
   Maruca let the force field fade so Linh and Marella could get closer.
   ¡°We might¡¯ve had one other reason for coming here today,¡± Marella
admitted as she joined Sophie and Maruca in the shade. ¡°Linh¡­ thinks
Ruy¡¯s been changed.¡±
   ¡°Changed,¡± Sophie repeated, not sure what to do with that word.
¡°Changed how?¡±
   ¡°Don¡¯t you remember?¡± Linh¡¯s eyes glazed, as if her mind was
focused on her memories instead of the present. ¡°The night of the
festival, when we were facing off at Everglen, my brother bound Ruy¡¯s
wrists with shadowflux, and the darkness seeped into Ruy¡¯s skin. His
fingers turned black and¡­¡±

   ¡°Ruy couldn¡¯t make another force field,¡± Sophie finished, shivering
as she remembered the way the shadowflux had poured out of Tam¡¯s
palms¡ªwhich meant he¡¯d stored some of that horrible stuff inside of
himself.

   And the shadowflux had seemed more than happy to do his bidding.
   ¡°That¡¯s why the Neverseen fled,¡± Marella said, reminding Sophie to
pay attention. ¡°They weren¡¯t so brave once they couldn¡¯t hide behind
Ruy¡¯s handy little shields anymore.¡±
   Sophie pressed her arms to her sides, fighting the urge to reach for
her eyelashes. ¡°So¡­ you think whatever Tam did to Ruy changed him
permanently?¡±
   ¡°You don¡¯t?¡± Linh asked.
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°I figured it was just an injury he¡¯d heal
from after the battle.¡±
   She didn¡¯t even know abilities could be permanently changed.
   Though¡­ maybe ¡°damaged¡± was a better word for it.
   And wasn¡¯t that what had happened to her¡ªtwice?
   Wasn¡¯t that why Mr. Forkle needed to reset her inflicting¡ªand why
she¡¯d had to have her other abilities reset once before?
   Then again, she was the only one with ¡°flexible¡± genes, apparently.
   She¡¯d also come very close to dying both times her abilities changed
¡ªand Ruy had barely looked fazed by what Tam did at Everglen.
   ¡°I spoke with Lady Zillah,¡± Linh said, crouching so she could be at
eye level with Luna as she stroked Luna¡¯s silvery mane, ¡°and I
described what I saw and asked if she knew what skill Tam had used
on Ruy in that moment. But she said shadowflux doesn¡¯t work that
way. I guess once Tam calls for it, he can tell it to do pretty much
anything he wants, as long as he¡¯s strong enough to make it obey. So
there¡¯s no way to know exactly what command he gave the shadowflux.
But¡­ he didn¡¯t want Ruy to be able to shield Gethen and Vespera
anymore¡ªI know that much. He said something about having the
newborn trolls go after the Neverseen instead of us, remember? Plus,
Lady Zillah¡¯s always saying that shadowflux changes everything it
touches, so the question isn¡¯t whether or not it changed him. It¡¯s how
much. And the Neverseen have been awfully quiet lately¡ª¡±

   ¡°They always are after one of their big attacks,¡± Sophie reminded
her. ¡°That¡¯s how they operate. They show up, cause some huge
disaster, and then disappear while they regroup and set up for their
next plan.¡±

   ¡°Maybe. But¡­ they also took my brother.¡± Linh¡¯s voice cracked on
the last word, and she rested her head against Luna¡¯s neck, soaking up
a baby-alicorn snuggle. ¡°They have to be assuming we¡¯ll try to get him
back, regardless of all the warnings they gave us. So you¡¯d think they¡¯d
be doing stuff to scare us away or keep us too busy to plan a rescue¡ª
like they did when they attacked you and Fitz to keep you from
focusing on Alvar. They also know Mr. Forkle is Magnate Leto now
¡ªand still alive¡ªand they haven¡¯t made any moves against him. Or
Tiergan. Or Juline. And they know you¡¯re an Enhancer¡ªand that the
alicorn babies are out of the hive and running around free at
Havenfield¡ªand they haven¡¯t tried to do anything about any of that,
either. Doesn¡¯t that seem strange to you?¡±

   Sophie noted that Maruca didn¡¯t look surprised by any of those
revelations¡ªand neither did Marella¡ªas she told Linh, ¡°Not
necessarily. It hasn¡¯t been that long since Tam was taken.¡±

   It really hadn¡¯t been¡ªeven if it also felt like forever.
   ¡°The Council also didn¡¯t seem worried that the Neverseen had all of
that information and hadn¡¯t made a move yet,¡± Sophie added, still
trying to convince herself she was right not to worry¡ªeven though she
could hear Sandor mumbling about needing to talk to Bo, Flori, and
Nubiti about security improvements.

   ¡°The Council doesn¡¯t exactly have the best track record for knowing
what to focus on,¡± Marella pointed out.

   Which was definitely a valid point.
   But Sophie didn¡¯t want to admit that, because she had a feeling this
conversation was spiraling somewhere very dangerous, and she had to
keep control. ¡°I just know the Neverseen are strategic. They make big
moves, not small ones. And they spread them out and take their time.
So the fact that they haven¡¯t struck again isn¡¯t as telling as you think.¡±
   ¡°Maybe,¡± Linh conceded, nuzzling her nose into Luna¡¯s shimmery
fur. ¡°But you have to admit that it could also mean that they don¡¯t have
their handy Psionipath to hide behind right now. Particularly when
you think about how much the shadowflux affected you and Fitz. You
can still feel it sometimes, can¡¯t you?¡±
   Sophie flexed the fingers on her right hand, wishing they weren¡¯t
weaker than they should be. ¡°Only a little. I¡¯m mostly better now.¡±
   ¡°Mostly,¡± Marella emphasized. ¡°And that¡¯s after how long? You and
Fitz were in the Healing Center for weeks¡ªand it¡¯s been even longer
since you got out. So even if it¡¯s not permanent, there¡¯s a solid chance
that Ruy¡¯s down for the count at the moment and the Neverseen are
lying low because they know they¡¯re too vulnerable without him¡ª
which means if we make a move now, we¡¯ll catch them at their
weakest.¡±
   ¡°We might even be able to get my brother away from them.¡±
   Linh said the words so softly that Sophie almost wondered if she¡¯d
imagined them¡ªuntil she saw the hope shining in Linh¡¯s eyes.
   ¡°Okaaaaaaaay,¡± Sophie stalled, trying to figure out the right thing to
say. ¡°It sounds like¡­ this has been on your mind for a while, if you
already talked to Lady Zillah about it. So why have you waited until
now to suggest it?¡±

   ¡°Because I knew it was still too dangerous,¡± Linh said, calling Wynn
over to her other side, so she was sandwiched between both baby
alicorns. ¡°Even without Ruy, the Neverseen are vicious, and I refuse to
put anyone in a situation where they could get hurt¡ªor worse. But¡­
then Maruca stopped by and showed us what she can do, and¡­ a plan
started to come together. I just needed to think it through a little
longer.¡±

   ¡°I told them a couple of days ago,¡± Maruca explained, ¡°after Wylie
said that he¡¯d talked to you and that you were on his side. I thought it
might help if I had some backup in my corner too. And then Linh told
me about all of this, and¡­ it does seem like perfect timing. So I
promised her she can count on me for whatever she needs.¡±

   ¡°Nothing with the Neverseen will ever be perfect,¡± Sophie warned.
   ¡°Maybe not,¡± Marella allowed, ¡°but Maruca¡¯s ability is a game
changer¡ª¡±
   ¡°Or a war changer,¡± Maruca cut in and corrected, ¡°if that¡¯s what you
want us to call it.¡±
   Marella shrugged. ¡°Sure. Whatever. My point is, you know how
important her ability is, Sophie. Especially right now, when the
Neverseen don¡¯t even know she¡¯s a Psionipath or that she¡¯s working
with us¡ª¡±
   ¡°She¡¯s not working with us,¡± Sophie felt the need to point out. ¡°And
technically, neither are you. You help out sometimes, but you haven¡¯t
sworn fealty.¡±
   ¡°I haven¡¯t?¡± Marella asked, fishing a very familiar necklace out from
underneath her tunic¡ªa black metal swan curving around a smooth
glass monocle.
   Sophie and her friends had each been given the same pendant after
they¡¯d officially joined the Black Swan.

   ¡°When did that happen?¡± Sophie asked, feeling even more out of the
loop.

   Marella tucked the pendant away. ¡°Forkle suggested it after I
agreed to take regular lessons with Fintan. He claimed that since
pyrokinesis can be so all-consuming, it would be helpful for me to feel
like I¡¯m officially part of something bigger than my ability¡ªbut I¡¯m
pretty sure he mostly just wanted to lock me in on your side in case
Fintan tried to recruit me.¡±

   ¡°And you were okay with that?¡± Sophie needed to ask, despite the
fact that the answer was already hanging around Marella¡¯s neck.
There¡¯d been a brief time, early in their friendship, when Marella had
been bothered that Sophie had left her out of all the Black Swan¨C
related stuff¡ªbut then Marella saw how dangerous it all was and
hadn¡¯t seemed the least bit interested in joining anymore.

   Marella shrugged. ¡°Felt sort of inevitable at this point. Plus, the
Council could come after me any day and try to shut down my ability
training, so I figured it might be good to have some powerful people
on my side who have no problem breaking rules when they need to.¡±

   ¡°And I¡¯ll be part of the order as soon as I speak to the Collective,¡±
Maruca added, tilting her chin up defiantly. ¡°We all know that once I
show them what I can do, they¡¯ll let me join¡ªeven if you tell them not
to, Sophie. But I¡¯m hoping you won¡¯t do that. In fact, I¡¯m hoping you¡¯ll
put in a good word and speed things along. I know you made a promise
to my cousin¡ªbut Wylie will get over it. I¡¯ll make sure of it. He needs
to understand that just because he wants to keep me safe, it doesn¡¯t
mean he gets to control my life. I¡¯m not a little kid. I get to choose how
I use my ability. And I choose to fight. So if he wants to protect me, he
can fight beside me¡ªor get out of my way. And if he doesn¡¯t? I¡¯ll
knock him into a pile of mastodon poop and put a force field around
him so he can spend some quality time with all that stink.¡±

   Sophie couldn¡¯t decide if she was intimidated or impressed.
   Probably both.
   ¡°See why she¡¯s our secret weapon?¡± Marella asked with a huge grin.
¡°She can handle this. And so can we. But we have to strike now, while
the Neverseen are weak and unprepared and won¡¯t expect anything.¡±
   ¡°Riiiiiiiiiiight,¡± Sophie said, stalling again as she tried to find a nice
way to word her next argument. ¡°I mean, not to be the downer, but¡­ I
think you¡¯re forgetting that we don¡¯t actually know where the
Neverseen are right now.¡±
   Linh stood, sending Wynn and Luna scattering. ¡°Not yet. But I can
find them.¡±
   ¡°How?¡± Sandor demanded, beating Sophie to the question.
   ¡°Through Tam,¡± Linh told him. ¡°If Sophie will help me reach out to
him.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s palms turned sweaty under her gloves. ¡°You know Gethen
will hear everything you say to Tam.¡±
   ¡°But he won¡¯t understand it,¡± Linh insisted. ¡°Tam and I have a code.
It¡¯s nothing fancy, just two ¡®I¡¯m in trouble¡¯ phrases¡ªone for me and
one for him¡ªplus some words we assigned other meanings to, in case
we needed to communicate something beyond danger. And I think I¡¯ve
come up with a way to use that code to find out where he is without
anyone knowing.¡±
   Sophie ignored the less-than-reassuring ¡°I think¡± in that statement
and focused on the bigger issue. ¡°Okay, but¡­ Tam doesn¡¯t know where
he is.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m sure he doesn¡¯t,¡± Linh agreed. ¡°But he doesn¡¯t have to. I¡¯m
going to ask him to send a signal that will lead me to him.¡±
   ¡°What signal?¡± Sandor demanded as Sophie started picturing
disastrous ideas, like super-conspicuous puffs of smoke.

   ¡°It¡¯s really hard to explain,¡± Linh said quietly, ¡°and I¡¯ll need
Sophie¡¯s help to make it work. But¡­ I think I can find him through the
water.¡±

   Sophie glanced at Marella and Maruca, surprised by how readily
they were nodding, as if what Linh had just said made perfect sense.
¡°What water?¡±

   ¡°Any water.¡± Linh raised her hand and curled her fingers, forming a
tennis ball¨Csize sphere out of the moisture in the air.

   ¡°Yeah¡­ the thing is¡­ it sounded like Tam was in some sort of dry
desert cave the last time I talked to him,¡± Sophie hated to tell her.

   ¡°Even if he is, there¡¯s always water.¡± Linh wiggled her fingers,
letting the sphere she¡¯d formed unravel with a soft splash. ¡°I realize
this won¡¯t make much sense to you, but¡­ when you enhanced me in
Atlantis, I became very aware. It felt like I was connecting with water
on a whole other level¡ªlike I was part of it, and it was part of me, and
my consciousness had no beginning or ending because the water was
everywhere and in everything. And I think, if you enhance me again, I
can use that awareness to find Tam. I just need him to let his shadow
touch water while I¡¯m listening¡ªand in order to tell him to do that, I
need you to reach out to him telepathically.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m not saying I won¡¯t,¡± Sophie said¡ªignoring Sandor¡¯s protests.
¡°But¡­ you know contacting him puts him in danger, right? No matter
what you say to him or how much the Neverseen understand, they¡¯ll
still know we reached out and punish him somehow?¡±

   ¡°Why do you think I haven¡¯t asked you before?¡± Linh waved her
hand, pulling the tears from her eyes and letting them glisten like tiny
diamonds in front of her before she flicked her fingers and they
vanished into mist. ¡°I wouldn¡¯t put my brother at risk¡ªor any of you¡ª
if I didn¡¯t truly believe this would work. I can find him, and we can
bring him home safely.¡±

   Sandor opened his mouth, but Sophie cut him off. ¡°All she¡¯s asking
for right now is a telepathic conversation.¡±

   ¡°Yes, but if this convoluted plan works, I need you to understand
that you¡¯re not going anywhere¡ªnone of you are,¡± Sandor informed
them. ¡°End of discussion. I will allow you to attempt to gather the
information, in case it proves helpful to those who can safely carry out
the kind of ambush you¡¯re describing¡ªthough I also seem to
remember your last conversation with Tam triggering your echoes,¡± he
reminded Sophie.

   ¡°Then Flori can sing to me again,¡± she told him. ¡°But I doubt I¡¯ll
need her. I¡¯m stronger now. Especially here, under Calla¡¯s tree.¡± She
closed her eyes, breathing in the sweet floral scent and soaking up the
breezy melody before she turned back to Linh, studying the
determination in her features. ¡°You know what¡¯s best for your brother
way better than I do. And you know your abilities. And you¡¯ve clearly
put a lot of thought into this. So if you want to try¡­¡±

   Linh nodded, lowering herself to the grass and crossing her legs as
Sophie sat across from her.

   ¡°Is there anything you need me to do right now?¡± Maruca asked.
   ¡°Or me?¡± Marella added.
   ¡°You can keep an eye on Wynn and Luna,¡± Sophie told them.
¡°Apparently they have super-poor taste in friends. So if they try to go
near the gorgodon¡ªstop them.¡±
   Marella shuddered. ¡°Ugh, I forgot that creepy beast lived here. I
mean, I know we¡¯re supposed to be all about protecting animals and
stuff, but¡­ that thing¡¯s not natural. I can¡¯t believe the Council hasn¡¯t
ordered it to be destroyed.¡±
   ¡°And I can¡¯t believe the Council isn¡¯t resetting the Timeline to
Extinction again,¡± Linh said absently, gathering dewdrops off the
fallen Panakes petals and letting them hover around her like twinkling
stars.

   ¡°Why would they?¡± Sophie wondered.
   ¡°Because the gorgodon¡¯s the last of its kind,¡± Linh reminded her.
¡°Once it¡¯s gone, the species is extinct.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, but it¡¯s not a real species,¡± Marella argued.
   Linh let her watery stars evaporate. ¡°Being created doesn¡¯t make it
any less real. Look at Sophie.¡±
   Sophie definitely wasn¡¯t sure what to do with that comparison¡ªor
Linh¡¯s point about the gorgodon. But that wasn¡¯t what she needed to
be focusing on anyway. ¡°Am I supposed to enhance you now?¡± she
asked.
   Linh shook her head. ¡°Not until Tam¡¯s ready to send the signal.
Once I connect to the water, it¡¯s all-consuming, and I need to
concentrate on sending the message first.¡±
   Sophie tugged off her gloves anyway, since she still had her
fingernail gadgets to block the ability, and she doubted Linh wanted
all the crusty mud near her face. But she hesitated before reaching for
Linh¡¯s temples. ¡°I might be able to open a mental channel between the
three of us, so you guys can communicate directly. I¡¯ve never tried
doing that over such a long distance, so I don¡¯t know if it¡¯ll work. But
we can find out, if you want.¡±
   Fresh tears brimmed in Linh¡¯s eyes. ¡°I¡¯ll be able to hear his voice?¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s what I¡¯m hoping¡ªbut¡­ no guarantees, okay?¡±
   Linh nodded. But she looked so heartbreakingly hopeful that Sophie
almost wished she hadn¡¯t mentioned it until she knew whether or not
it was possible.
   ¡°I¡¯ll also need permission to open my mind to yours,¡± she said,
closing her eyes and gathering her mental strength.

   ¡°Of course,¡± Linh whispered, and Sophie pressed her fingers against
Linh¡¯s temples and stretched out her consciousness, imagining it
wrapping around both her and Linh like a sheer curtain.

   Linh¡¯s thoughts poured slowly into her mind, and the world turned
quieter.

   Softer.
   Reality drifting gently away.
   It took Sophie a second to realize that the sensation reminded her of
being underwater.
   Is this what your head feels like all the time? Sophie asked, trying to
remember if she¡¯d noticed it the other times she¡¯d communicated
telepathically with Linh.
   A little. But it¡¯s stronger when I¡¯m trying to concentrate. The words
rippled like waves. I think better when I let the pull of the water fill my
mind, if that makes sense.
   Not really, Sophie admitted. But I¡¯m not a Hydrokinetic. And it IS easier
to focus this way.
   With the rest of the world muffled, she could feel each of her
thoughts individually, stretching them into threads, which she used to
tether Linh¡¯s mind to hers.
   We¡¯ll see if that holds, Sophie transmitted, letting her mental energy
pool between the two of them, the warm hum growing stronger and
stronger and stronger. If it does, you and Tam should be able to hear each
other¡ªassuming I can make contact.
   Thank you for doing this, Linh told her.
   You don¡¯t have to thank me I¡¯ll do anything I can to help you and your
brother¡ªI hope you know that.
   I do. And I want you to know that this is my choice¡ªwhat you¡¯re doing
right now, and what I¡¯m asking you to do if this works. If any part of this
backfires, I won¡¯t blame you.

   Let¡¯s hope we won¡¯t have to think about that, Sophie transmitted,
squeezing her eyes tighter as the humming inside her mind turned
crackly, like static¡ªor maybe a better analogy would¡¯ve been like a
wave crashing toward the shore. She could feel her consciousness get
swept up in the inertia, surging forward, forward, forward¡­

   Brace yourself! she warned. This next part will be loud.
   Linh nodded under her fingertips, and they both sucked in a breath
as Sophie shoved the energy out of her mind in a blaring transmission.
   TAM! PLEASE DON¡¯T IGNORE ME!
   PLEASE!
   PLEASE!
   PLEASE!
   She repeated the call again and again, each transmission like a
mental river, carrying her plea along with the rush, churning farther,
farther, farther. But no matter how far the words flowed, only silence
followed.
   Do you think it would help if I call for him? Linh offered.
   He won¡¯t be able to hear you until he lets me connect with his mind.
Unless¡­
   Unless what? Linh asked when Sophie didn¡¯t finish the thought.
   I have a weird idea¡ªand I don¡¯t know if it¡¯ll work, but¡­ can you think his
name for a minute? Just his name¡ªand give it your whole concentration,
like it¡¯s the only solid thing in your head.
   Linh did as Sophie asked, and Sophie gathered up the sound,
wrapping her consciousness around it until it felt like she¡¯d formed an
airtight bundle, with Linh¡¯s voice echoing softly inside.
   A thought bubble of sorts.
   Here goes nothing, she told Linh, letting her strange mental creation
drift out of her mind, like a message in a bottle, floating through the
space between her and Tam, drifting across the vast nothingness.

   CAN YOU HEAR WHO I¡¯M WITH? she transmitted, shoving Linh¡¯s
plea farther and farther. LINH NEEDS TO TALK TO YOU. IT¡¯S
IMPORTANT.

   More silence surrounded them, and Linh¡¯s disappointment was
almost tangible as Sophie tried to edge her consciousness away from
the headache looming ahead¡ªa mental waterfall that would drag them
both down into the pain if she didn¡¯t sever their connection before she
reached it.

   PLEASE, TAM¡ªTAKE THE RISK.
   TAM!
   TAM!
   TAM!
   TAM!
   TA¡ª
   A shadow darkened Sophie¡¯s mind¡ªthe rush both icy and eerie.
   Linh gripped Sophie¡¯s wrists. Tam?
   DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW DANGEROUS THIS IS??? Tam
shouted.
   The words were cold black stones.
   Sinking through Sophie¡¯s consciousness.
   Crashing into the darkness lingering below.
   But Sophie focused on Linh¡¯s laughter, refusing to let the echoes
stir.
   It¡¯s nice to hear from you, too, Linh told her brother. Good to know
you¡¯re still as stubborn and surly as ever.
   Tam¡¯s thoughts seemed to stumble over themselves¡ªstunned by
the sound of his sister¡¯s voice.
   But he recovered quickly, his consciousness tangling into another
dark storm that battered around their shared minds as he thought,
SERIOUSLY, LINH¡ªWE CAN¡¯T TALK LIKE THIS! YOU DON¡¯T
KNOW WHAT YOU¡¯RE DOING.

   Actually, I do, she assured him. I know it¡¯s a risk. But I had to talk to
you¡ªand I need you to listen carefully. I need you to tell me if it¡¯s safe to
swim in the ocean.

   THE OCEAN? Tam repeated¡ªthough Sophie could feel his
thoughts swarming around each of Linh¡¯s words, beyond just those
few. And several seconds later he asked¡ªvery carefully¡ªHOW
WOULD I KNOW?

   Linh sat up straighter. Can¡¯t you dip your toe in for me?
   The words hung there, and Sophie held her breath¡ªfeeling Linh do
the same.
   And for a moment, the cold shadows turned warmer and lighter.
   But the blackness came crashing back before Tam finally answered.
And he simply told her, NO.
   Tam, you¡ª
   NO! Tam¡¯s shout was louder than thunder, and it drowned out every
syllable of Linh¡¯s argument. STAY OUT OF THE WATER.
   I can¡¯t, she told him. You know I can¡¯t.
   WELL, YOU¡¯RE GOING TO HAVE TO.
   Tam¡ª
   NO, LINH. YOU DON¡¯T GET IT. I LIKE IT HERE. DO YOU HEAR
ME? I. LIKE. IT. HERE.
   A shudder rocked Linh¡¯s shoulders, as if she¡¯d been physically
struck. You don¡¯t mean that.
   I DO, he assured her. I REALLY, REALLY DO. I¡¯M EVEN MAKING
FRIENDS. SO FORGET YOUR PLANS AND YOUR CODES. I DON¡¯T
NEED THEM. I DON¡¯T EVEN WANT THEM.
   But¡ª
   NO! SOMEDAY YOU¡¯LL UNDERSTAND, he told her.
   I really, really won¡¯t, Linh countered, and Sophie wondered if she was
intentionally mirroring his phrasing.
   WELL¡­ THAT¡¯S NOT MY PROBLEM! Tam insisted, and his words
formed a wall, shutting out everything else Linh tried to tell him.
Leaving his mind so bitingly, painfully cold that Sophie knew they
couldn¡¯t stay any longer.
   Come on, Linh, Sophie thought, letting her consciousness slowly ebb
away.
   NO! Linh shaped her next thought into a tidal wave and slammed it
into the darkness. What am I supposed to do without you?
   Sophie didn¡¯t expect Tam to answer.
   But he told Linh, GO BACK TO CHORALMERE.
   Tam¡ª
   GO BACK TO CHORALMERE AND STAY THERE, he thundered.
AND DON¡¯T EVER CALL FOR ME AGAIN.
   Then the shadows faded and Sophie¡¯s mind brightened and warmth
poured in, like rays of dawn melting away the night¡ªsnuffing out the
stirring echoes and leaving her head still and steady and silent.
   ¡°He¡¯s gone,¡± Sophie said out loud, severing the final threads of the
connection in case Gethen had somehow found a way to eavesdrop on
that pocket of mental conversation.
   ¡°I know.¡± Linh¡¯s voice sounded both watery and wobbly, and when
Sophie¡¯s eyes came into focus, she found Marella and Maruca pulling
Linh into a hug.
   ¡°Are you okay?¡± Sophie asked, knowing it was a pointless question.
¡°I¡¯m sure Tam only said that stuff because he was trying to protect
you. He did the same thing last time¡ª¡±
   ¡°No, he meant it.¡± Tears streamed down Linh¡¯s cheeks, and she let
them fall as she added, ¡°I didn¡¯t realize how hard it would be to hear
him like that.¡±

   ¡°Like what?¡± Marella asked.
   ¡°So¡­ stubborn and hopeless.¡±
   ¡°Hopeless?¡± Sophie repeated.
   Linh stared at the sky. ¡°I think he¡¯s giving up.¡±
   Maruca hugged her tighter. ¡°Didn¡¯t he understand that you were
ready to rescue him?¡±
   ¡°He did. But¡­ he didn¡¯t want me to. He told me to ¡®stay out of the
water,¡¯ which wasn¡¯t part of our code¡ªbut it¡¯s what he said a lot when
I first manifested and he knew I was about to make a mess of
everything.¡±
   She dried her tears with her sleeve, but more replaced them
immediately.
   ¡°You didn¡¯t make a mess of everything,¡± Sophie tried to tell her.
   Linh just looked away. ¡°We can¡¯t reach out to him again. He won¡¯t
respond¡ªand he¡¯ll never cooperate. He doesn¡¯t want me to find him.¡±
   Sophie kept her face angled down, trying to hide her relief.
   Even with Maruca¡¯s force fields, she couldn¡¯t see how any rescue
attempt would end in anything other than disaster, nor could she
imagine any possible scenario where Sandor would let them try.
   ¡°Why would he want you to go to Choralmere?¡± Sophie wondered,
recognizing the name of the Song family¡¯s estate.
   Tam had almost as many mommy and daddy issues as Keefe did¡ª
and he¡¯d always been very opposed to the idea of giving his parents a
single second of their time, now that he and Linh were free of them.
   Linh stumbled to her feet, swiping at her smudged eyeliner. ¡°He
doesn¡¯t. That was the code.¡±
   ¡°The code for when he¡¯s in danger?¡± Marella asked.
Linh shook her head. ¡°No. The code for when I am.¡±
              TWENTY-TWO

DO YOU THINK TAM WAS just trying to scare you?¡± Sophie asked as

she watched Linh pace around Calla¡¯s Panakes tree, taking slow,
meticulous steps¡ªas if Linh were trying to match her previous
footprints with each revolution. ¡°That way you¡¯d abandon your rescue
plan for him? Or to make sure you wouldn¡¯t risk reaching out to him
again?¡±

   ¡°Or maybe those things are why he thinks you¡¯re in danger?¡±
Maruca suggested. ¡°And he was trying to tell you to lay off, so you¡¯ll be
safe again.¡±

   Linh ignored Wynn and Luna as they trotted up beside her¡ªeven
when they made some seriously adorable squeaky whinnies. ¡°If any of
that were Tam¡¯s reasoning, he would¡¯ve just reminded me of the
Neverseen¡¯s threats. Using the code means he doesn¡¯t want the
Neverseen to know he¡¯s warning me. So I¡¯m pretty sure that means
they really are planning to come after me, either to kill me or capture
me¡ªor maybe to injure me the way they did to you and Fitz.¡±

   She said it so matter-of-factly that Sophie couldn¡¯t decide if she
should be impressed by Linh¡¯s bravery or worry that her friend was in
shock.

   Shock seemed to be the answer when Linh casually added, ¡°I just
hope they don¡¯t send Tam to do it.¡±

   Sophie jumped in front of her, blocking her path. ¡°Tam would never
do any of those things.¡±
   ¡°I know.¡± Linh tilted her head back to stare at the sky. ¡°And that¡¯d
be so much worse¡ªseeing how they punish him.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s never going to come to that,¡± Sophie promised. ¡°I won¡¯t let it.¡±
   ¡°Neither will I,¡± Marella added.
   ¡°Same,¡± Maruca agreed.
   Linh¡¯s eyes brimmed with tears and she turned her face away. ¡°I
guess we¡¯ll see how it goes,¡± she said as she broke her pattern of
footprints to step around Sophie.
   ¡°We will see!¡± Sophie called after her. ¡°And right now, we need a
plan to protect you.¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t need protecting!¡± Linh reached up and pulled a pin from
her hair, letting the long, silver-tipped strands fly free with the
afternoon breeze. ¡°I need to go back to Choralmere.¡±
   Sophie glanced at Marella and Maruca, glad to see they were equally
as confused by that statement.
   ¡°Why?¡± Maruca asked for them.
   ¡°Yeah, that seems like the last place you should go,¡± Marella added.
¡°Isn¡¯t that the one place the Neverseen know to look for you?¡±
   Linh shrugged, bending the clasp of her hairpin back and forth. ¡°It¡¯s
not like I¡¯m hiding right now¡ªor when I go home to Tiergan.¡±
   ¡°No, but you should be,¡± Sophie argued, ¡°now that Tam gave us this
warning. I¡¯m sure the Black Swan or the Council can find somewhere
¡ª¡±
   ¡°I have to go to Choralmere,¡± Linh interrupted. ¡°Otherwise the
Neverseen will suspect that Tam¡¯s words had another meaning, and
that¡¯ll put him in even more danger.¡± Her voice thickened when she
met Sophie¡¯s eyes and added, ¡°I should¡¯ve listened to you. You warned
me that reaching out to him was too dangerous.¡±
   ¡°We had to try it,¡± Sophie told her.
   Linh wouldn¡¯t have been able to stop wondering whether they were
missing their chance to save her brother.

   ¡°And hey, Tam¡¯s probably relieved that he finally got to pass along
that warning,¡± Sophie added. ¡°Who knows how long he¡¯s been carrying
it around, trying find a way to reach you? Now we just need to figure
out a plan to keep you safe.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯ll be fine at Choralmere,¡± Linh assured her.
   ¡°Will you, though?¡± Marella jumped in. ¡°I mean, even without it
being a super-obvious place for the Neverseen to find you, it¡¯s¡­ not
like you have an awesome relationship with your parents.¡±
   Linh stopped pacing. ¡°I can handle my mother and father.¡±
   Sophie, Marella, and Maruca shared another look.
   ¡°Okay, but¡ª¡± Sophie started to say, but Linh cut her off.
   ¡°I¡¯m going to Choralmere!¡± She added a foot stomp for emphasis,
then turned her face to the wind and closed her eyes. ¡°And I¡¯m going
to stay there, just like Tam wanted.¡±
   ¡°So¡­ you¡¯re moving back home?¡± Sophie had to clarify.
   Linh nodded. ¡°It¡¯s the best thing I can do for Tam. Please don¡¯t try
to talk me out of it.¡±
   ¡°I won¡¯t,¡± Sophie promised, not sure what else to say.
   Marella and Maruca seemed pretty stumped too.
   But Sandor stalked closer, towering over Linh as he told her, ¡°If
that¡¯s your decision, you¡¯ll need protection.¡±
   ¡°I have dwarven bodyguards,¡± Linh reminded him.
   ¡°I¡¯m aware.¡± Sandor glanced at the ground, looking slightly
skeptical that the dwarves were actually there. ¡°But I think a more
visible deterrent might be better, given the threat you¡¯re presently
facing. I¡¯ll need time to arrange something more permanent, but for
the moment I¡¯m sure Bo would be willing to accompany you, provided
Miss Foster agrees to stay here, where she¡¯s less likely to need his
protection.¡±

   ¡°Or I could go with Bo and Linh,¡± Sophie countered, ¡°help her get
settled in and¡ª¡±

   ¡°I appreciate the offer,¡± Linh interrupted. ¡°But it¡¯ll be better if I go
alone. I doubt my parents know that Tam has been taken¡ªI certainly
haven¡¯t told them. And that conversation will go smoother without the
complication of an audience.¡±

   ¡°Linh¡ª¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll be fine, Sophie,¡± Linh insisted. ¡°I know how to handle my
parents.¡±
   Sandor cleared his throat when Sophie fell silent. ¡°That may very
well be. But it¡¯s all the more reason I¡¯m going to insist that you take Bo
with you.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m okay with that,¡± Linh agreed, ¡°as long as Sophie doesn¡¯t need
him.¡±
   ¡°She won¡¯t,¡± Sandor assured her, ¡°because she¡¯s going to remain
here with Flori, Nubiti, and me, right?¡±
   Sophie nodded, and Sandor marched off to find Bo and explain the
new arrangement.
   ¡°My father¡¯s going to hate having an ogre patrolling the property,¡±
Linh said quietly, ¡°so that will be fun, at least.¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re sure about¡ª¡± Sophie tried to ask.
   But once again, Linh cut her off. ¡°I¡¯m sure.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, well¡­ I don¡¯t like this plan,¡± Marella said, shrugging when
Linh turned toward her. ¡°Someone had to say it.¡±
   ¡°I agree,¡± Maruca added. ¡°Maybe I should go with you¡ªthat way I
can shield you if anything goes down.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll be fine,¡± Linh repeated for what felt like the millionth time, and
the weariness in Linh¡¯s voice made Sophie leave it alone.
   After all, Linh had started her day thinking she¡¯d found a way to
rescue her brother. And instead, she was now stuck moving back in
with the people who¡¯d failed her over and over, because they¡¯d been
ashamed that she was a twin. Plus, she¡¯d picked up an abundance of
new worries for herself and for Tam.

   ¡°We¡¯re going to get him back,¡± Sophie promised, pulling Linh into a
hug¡ªwhich Maruca and Marella quickly turned into a group squeeze.

   Linh nodded against Sophie¡¯s shoulder.
   But there were tears in Linh¡¯s eyes when she ended the embrace,
and she wouldn¡¯t look at anyone as she fished out a small, round home
crystal that Sophie never realized she carried.
   No one broke the painful silence, until Bo marched over to Linh and
barked a bunch of orders about letting him take the lead and sticking
by his side. And Sophie tried to think of something encouraging to say
as Linh held her crystal up to the sun.
   But every promise sounded so empty. So she went with the same
assurance that Linh had said when she first found out that Tam had
left with the Neverseen.
   ¡°Tam can take care of himself.¡±
   ¡°I hope so,¡± Linh whispered as she let the light carry her and Bo
away.
   Marella and Maruca left soon after¡ªthough not before Maruca
made it clear that she would be talking to the Collective about joining
the order. And Sophie didn¡¯t try to stop her.
   If Tam¡¯s warning had proven anything, it was that they needed all
the protection they could get.
   Though it wasn¡¯t nightmares about cloaked figures coming for Linh
¡ªor coming for any of Sophie¡¯s friends¡ªthat had Sophie building
another makeshift bed under Calla¡¯s Panakes that night.
   It was Tam¡¯s voice, replaying in her head.
   Shouting over and over, I LIKE IT HERE. I¡¯M EVEN MAKING
FRIENDS.

¡°We need to have a serious discussion about your leadership skills,
Miss Foster,¡± Bronte¡¯s sharp voice barked the next morning, jolting
Sophie out of the dazed, half-sleepy state she¡¯d been lingering in since
sunrise. ¡°And perhaps also about your strange choices for sleeping
location.¡±

   Some part of her brain had been telling her that she needed to get
up and get ready for a big day of super-important stuff.

   The other part had decided that all of that stuff could wait a tiny bit
longer.

   And then a tiny bit longer after that.
   And a little more after that.
   As if she¡¯d found some sort of strange mental snooze button¡ª
which she was happy to keep hitting as long as it let her stay
surrounded by baby alicorns and Calla¡¯s soothing songs instead of
having to face reality.
   And now her entire brain was telling her that the best solution to
her current situation was to pull her blankets over her head and wait
for Bronte to go away.
   The only problem was¡­ Bronte was right.
   Part of the stuff she had to do that day was the rather important task
of going to Loamnore with Grady and the rest of Team Valiant to meet
with King Enki and examine the dwarves¡¯ security. And she¡¯d planned
to check in with Dex, Biana, Wylie, and Stina the day before, to make
sure they were ready.
   But then there was the chaos with Wynn and Luna and the
gorgodon¡ªand Maruca, Marella, and Linh showed up with their risky
plan, and there was all the drama with Tam and¡­
   It totally slipped her mind.
   She also still hadn¡¯t followed up with Wylie and Stina about their
meeting with Lady Zillah¡ªdespite her vow not to get sidetracked from
that again.
   And she couldn¡¯t even argue that they should¡¯ve reached out to her
when they didn¡¯t hear from her, because she¡¯d ignored a bunch of hails
after her standoff with Mr. Forkle, and there was a good chance that
some of those had been from her teammates.
   She was also pretty sure that she hadn¡¯t actually given Dex an
assignment to work on.
   And Biana¡­
   Sophie stopped breathing when she realized who Biana had been
trying to arrange a meeting with¡ªand why.
   The same person who barked again. ¡°Miss Foster, I know you¡¯re
awake.¡±
   Sophie held extra still, wondering if there was any way to trick her
mind into playing possum for her. Lapsing into a vegetative state for a
few hours seemed like the only viable option at that point.
   Until another voice said, ¡°Maybe we should let her rest a little
longer,¡± and Sophie¡¯s eyes popped open¡ªas if her brain had decided,
You can ignore the grumpy Councillor, but not the nice one.
   And Oralie did reward her with a warm, reassuring smile.
   But then Sophie¡¯s gaze followed the movement in her periphery, and
before she could stop herself, she was focused on Councillor Bronte.
   And there was something extra unsettling about his stare.
   A wariness in his expression that she¡¯d never seen before. Mixed
with¡­
   Was it pity?
   Maybe even a dash of curiosity?
   All of which swirled together into a nauseating reality.
   He knows.
   Biana must¡¯ve followed through with her plan to confront him
about being Sophie¡¯s biological father¡ªand if Sophie¡¯d had any doubt,
the fact that Bronte broke eye contact first definitely settled it.
   But he cleared his throat, ever the steady taskmaster, and asked her,
¡°Do you need us to explain why we¡¯re less than satisfied with your
leadership skills?¡±
   ¡°Satisfaction has nothing to do with it,¡± Oralie corrected. ¡°We
understand that it¡¯s going to take some time for you to fully adjust to
your new responsibilities, and we simply want you to know that we¡¯re
here to help you organize and prioritize. I think it might be wise for us
to come up with a schedule of things for you to do every morning and
every evening until they begin to feel like a habit. For instance¡­¡±
   Sophie tried to listen as Oralie listed off what were surely lots of
helpful leadership suggestions.
   But her brain was too stuck on other, much more selfish questions
like, Was Bronte, or wasn¡¯t he?
   And, Did she even want to know?
   Mr. Forkle had already claimed Bronte wasn¡¯t, but¡­ that didn¡¯t
necessarily make it true.
   ¡°Sophie?¡± Oralie asked, and Sophie blinked back to proper focus,
realizing that hadn¡¯t been the first time Oralie had called her name.
   ¡°Are you okay?¡± Oralie asked, reaching for Sophie¡¯s forehead like
she was checking for a fever. ¡°Should we hail Elwin?¡±
   Sophie shook her head and forced herself to sit up¡ªwhich turned
out to be a mistake. An overwhelming head rush blacked out the
world, and she would¡¯ve collapsed back onto her pillow if Oralie hadn¡¯t
grabbed her shoulders.
   ¡°You¡¯re sure you don¡¯t want me to call for Elwin?¡± Oralie checked.
¡°Or at least for your parents?¡±
   Sophie cringed at the last word.
   And Oralie frowned, tracing her fingers down Sophie¡¯s arms¡ª
which made Sophie realize two things.
   One: She was still in her jammies, which had both ruffled shorts and
hopping jackalopes on the tank top.¡­
   And two: Oralie was reading her emotions.
   ¡°You feel very¡­ strange,¡± Oralie said softly, closing her eyes and
tilting her head. ¡°The worry, I understand¡ªthough you¡¯re not in any
trouble, despite what Bronte may wish you to believe. But there¡¯s such
reluctance, and dread, and¡ª¡±
   Sophie pulled her arms away before Oralie could add anything else
to that list of feelings.
   ¡°I¡¯m fine,¡± she promised, relieved to have her voice working. ¡°I¡¯m
just¡­¡±
   She needed an end to that sentence.
   But her brain had run out of useful words.
   Bronte sighed and stalked to the edge of the Panakes, brushing
aside the curtain of weeping willow¨Cesque branches to gaze out at the
pastures. ¡°Should I assume this means you haven¡¯t followed up with
young Miss Vacker since she spoke with me?¡±
   Sophie managed a nod.
   Bronte shook his head. ¡°Wonderful, so I¡¯m going to have to endure
this conversation a second time.¡±
   ¡°What conversation?¡± Oralie asked.
   Don¡¯t say it, Sophie mentally begged.
   She may have even transmitted the plea.
   But if she did, Bronte ignored her¡ªand it turned into one of those
surreal moments where everything seemed to switch to slow motion as
he turned back around to face her.
   Her ears were ringing so loudly that she couldn¡¯t make out any of
the first words that crawled out of his lips¡ªbut then her brain caught
back up to speed, and she managed to hear the most important part.

   ¡°For the record, Miss Foster, I most certainly am not.¡±
   ¡°Not what?¡± Oralie wondered as Sophie¡¯s body turned numb and
noodle-y.
   She flopped back onto her pillow as Bronte made a sound that was
half growl, half groan.
   ¡°If you must know,¡± he told Oralie, ¡°I¡¯m not her biological father.¡±
   Even from her horizontal vantage point, Sophie could see Oralie¡¯s
mouth drop open.
   ¡°Why would¡­?¡± Oralie stumbled to her feet, wrapping her arms
around her waist. ¡°I don¡¯t understand.¡±
   ¡°Neither do I,¡± Bronte admitted, tearing his fingers through his
closely cropped hair. ¡°Apparently Miss Foster has chosen to ignore my
vehement recommendation that she stay focused on her far more
pressing assignments, and has instead recruited her teammates into
assisting with her ill-conceived search for her biological parents. And
thanks to the unfortunate coincidence that she and I both share a rare
ability, they¡¯ve fixated on me. So I got to endure a rather ridiculous
meeting with Miss Vacker the other day, wherein she accused me of
participating in Project Moonlark and had Miss Heks test the veracity
of my answer.¡± His eyes narrowed at Sophie. ¡°Which is why I feel the
need to say, once more for the official record¡ªor as official as we¡¯re
going to get in these circumstances: I am not your genetic father, Miss
Foster. By any means. And if you need to verify that I¡¯m telling the
truth, ask Councillor Oralie.¡±
   Oralie stumbled away from both of them, shaking her head hard
enough to tangle some of her ringlets. ¡°I don¡¯t want to be involved in
this.¡±
   ¡°Neither do I,¡± Bronte noted. ¡°And yet, here I am.¡±
   Oralie¡¯s rosy cheeks turned very, very pale. ¡°If anyone found out¡­¡±
   ¡°They won¡¯t,¡± Bronte assured her, ¡°because there¡¯s nothing to find
out. Isn¡¯t that right, Miss Foster? This whole convoluted theory was
simply the wild imaginings of a few foolish teenagers. And now that
they¡¯ve seen it for its absurdity, they¡¯re going to let it go. Aren¡¯t they?¡±
   His lips quirked with the tiniest hint of a smile when Sophie
nodded.
   ¡°Excellent.¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± Sophie agreed, feeling her temper click back on now that the
shock was finally wearing off. She held Bronte¡¯s stare as she told him,
¡°It¡¯s a huge relief.¡±
   In fact, her head felt lighter than it had in days.
   Minus twenty pounds of worry.
   ¡°Good,¡± Bronte told her, his familiar scowl returning. ¡°Because this
is the end of this conversation. Understood? I want your word that no
mention of this will be made to anyone else, ever again. Not to me. Not
to your friends or family. Certainly not to anyone new.¡± He strode
closer, looming over her. ¡°And I also want you to promise me that
you¡¯ll listen this time and stop this foolish quest before you cause
irreparable damage¡ªand I¡¯m not referring to any challenges you¡¯ll
cause for the elves who actually are your genetic parents, though you¡¯ll
likely destroy them with the scandal. Think of how many crucial tasks
you¡¯ve already neglected because you¡¯ve allowed yourself to be so
distracted¡ªand before you try to deny it, keep in mind that I gathered
an update from Miss Heks about her meeting with Lady Zillah once
we¡¯d moved past the ridiculous accusation. And not only did she and
Wylie acquire several pieces of information that could prove vital in
our visit to Loamnore today, but she also mentioned that you¡¯d never
bothered to follow up with them. Nor had you responded when they¡¯d
reached out to you. And that kind of sloppy leadership cannot
continue, Miss Foster. Councillor Oralie and I are happy to help you
set up some systems for checks and balances¡ªbut none of them will
matter if you choose to be sidetracked. It¡¯s time for you to focus,
before someone gets hurt.¡±

   He was absolutely right.
   And Sophie hated him for it.
   She also hated herself for hating him for it¡ªand for failing so hard
at everything lately.
   All the time she¡¯d spent stressing and obsessing about her genetic
parents and matchmaking¡ªand what did she have to show for it?
   Another disproved theory about her biological father, and a
boyfriend she¡¯d neglected so badly that he might not even be her
boyfriend anymore.
   And yet, despite all that, she still wasn¡¯t willing to promise what
Bronte wanted.
   So she told him, ¡°I promise I¡¯m going to adjust my priorities and
concentrate on the bigger problems.¡±
   ¡°Don¡¯t think I don¡¯t notice what you¡¯re doing there, Miss Foster,¡±
Bronte countered.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure you do,¡± she agreed. ¡°But wouldn¡¯t you rather I be honest
with you?¡±
   He blew out a breath. ¡°I suppose. So long as you¡¯re also ready to
take your position as Regent more seriously.¡±
   She stared at her lap, tugging at the stupid ruffles on her shorts,
which probably made it harder for him to believe her when she said, ¡°I
am.¡±
   ¡°Good,¡± Bronte told her, frowning when he glanced at Oralie, who
still stood several steps away, her gaze fixed on the horizon. ¡°Then go
inside and get ready. To play the part, you first need to look the part¡ª
isn¡¯t that right, Oralie?¡±

   Oralie didn¡¯t respond.
   Bronte cleared his throat and turned back to Sophie. ¡°The rest of
your teammates should be here within the hour, so I suggest you hurry.
We have much to discuss before their arrival. And then together, we¡¯ll
all need to go over the protocol for meeting with King Enki, as well as
some fundamentals for what to expect in Loamnore. In many, many
ways the city is unlike anywhere you¡¯ve been before. In fact, it can be
downright disorienting. So the more you prepare ahead of time, the
better.¡±
   Sophie nodded, knowing it probably didn¡¯t help instill Bronte with a
lot of confidence when she gathered up her blankets, pillows, and Ella
and stumbled toward the house with the giant bundle, tripping over
her feet several times.
   But she didn¡¯t feel right leaving all of that outside.
   And it wasn¡¯t like she needed to impress him.
   He wasn¡¯t her father.
   Never before had those words been such a happy thing, and she
repeated them with every step, feeling her smile grow wider and wider.
   But it faded when Bronte called after her, ¡°Remember who you are
now, Miss Foster. And when you return, make sure you¡¯re wearing
your crown.¡±
             TWENTY-THREE

ANYONE ELSE REALLY HATE THIS?¡± Stina asked, scrunching up her

face as she took a cautious step onto the soggy ground in front of her.
The mud suctioned around her foot, and she screamed and jumped
back, nearly falling when her boot stayed lodged in the sludge.
¡°Seriously,¡± Stina grumbled, using telekinesis to retrieve her goop-
covered shoe. ¡°It¡¯s disgusting.¡±

   Sophie definitely wasn¡¯t going to argue with Stina¡¯s assessment of
the situation¡ªparticularly as she waded another step into the bog and
the squishy ground slipped away under her feet, leaving her with the
thick, stinky mud now up past her knees. She could feel its curdled
texture through the thin fabric of her leggings and was not looking
forward to having the same muck directly on her skin. Her gloves
stopped at her wrists, and the blue tunic she¡¯d worn was unfortunately
sleeveless, leaving lots of exposed arm¡ªand she didn¡¯t even want to
think about the fact that she was going to have to dunk her face and
head under.¡­

   The desert was also glaringly bright and annoyingly windy, and the
temperature had to be at least a million degrees¡ªeven in the small
oasis they¡¯d reached after several long minutes of hiking. The patch of
green and blue had seemed so mysterious and inviting when Sophie
had first spotted it among the endless sea of rippled dunes¡ªthe kind
of place where she might find a magic carpet. Or a genie¡¯s lamp.

   But of course Bronte and Grady had led them past the cool,
shimmering lagoon without even pausing to dip a toe in. They¡¯d also
ignored the much-needed shade formed by the clumps of lacy palm
trees, instead heading straight for an icky brown quagmire on the far
side of the oasis, bordered by scraggly grass.

   The area kind of looked like something that¡¯d be used as a camel
potty spot¡ªand it very well might be.

   Sophie was trying really hard not to wonder about that as her next
step sank her even deeper into the mud.

   But she couldn¡¯t help glancing longingly at Sandor, who¡¯d managed
to find a place that was both well shaded and a little breezy to stand as
sentinel while they went on without him. Goblins weren¡¯t allowed to
enter the dwarven city, so Sandor was restricted to guarding
Loamnore¡¯s entrance¡ªand Woltzer and Lovise had been forbidden
from joining them at all.

   Sandor had been complaining vigorously about the restrictions¡ª
right up until he saw the mire of steaming mud they all had to sink
through.

   Then he¡¯d become much more cooperative.
   ¡°You¡¯re sure this is the only way to get to Loamnore?¡± Stina asked,
earning several heaving sighs from Grady and Bronte.
   Oralie had decided to stay behind when they¡¯d left Havenfield, and
at first Sophie had found that to be a little strange. But now that she
was experiencing the mud-drenched method of entry into the dwarven
city, Sophie was pretty sure she understood why the pretty Councillor
had decided to skip the visit to King Enki.
   ¡°For the fifth and final time, Miss Heks, yes¡ªthis is our path,¡±
Bronte snapped as he strode into the muck in all of his jewel-encrusted
finery. Within three steps, he¡¯d sunk past his waist. ¡°Do you honestly
think I would use it if there were any alternative?¡±
   ¡°Well, there should be an alternative,¡± Stina muttered, stomping her
boot to clean off as much of the gunk as she could.
   Clearly she was in denial about the muddy fun she still had ahead of
her.

   ¡°You¡¯ll be fine,¡± Sophie promised. ¡°Alden and I had to sink through
quicksand at the Gateway to Exile, and it really wasn¡¯t that big of a
deal.¡±

   Though, she couldn¡¯t help a tiny shudder as her mind flashed back
to that scratchy, suffocating fall.

   ¡°The dwarves seem to like messy entrances,¡± Dex noted, moving to
the lead of their muddy group. He was even grinning, like he was
actually enjoying the journey through the sludge.

   ¡°It¡¯s not about what we like,¡± Nubiti corrected as her furry face
popped out of a nearby patch of sand, and Sophie was pretty sure her
dwarven bodyguard was smirking at all of them for squealing like
schoolchildren¡ªbut it was hard to tell with Nubiti¡¯s squinted eyes.
¡°It¡¯s that your species is useless at tunneling, so we¡¯ve had to get
creative in order to give you access to our world.¡±

   ¡°Or you could just dig a tunnel,¡± Stina argued. ¡°Carve in some of
those things called ¡®stairs¡¯¡ªmaybe you¡¯ve heard of them?¡±

   ¡°A tunnel like that would greatly compromise Loamnore¡¯s security,¡±
Nubiti countered.

   ¡°Yeah, but it wouldn¡¯t be gross!¡± Stina snapped back. ¡°And wait a
minute¡ªTam and Linh lived in a house in Loamnore for a while,
didn¡¯t they? So how did they get back from the Lost Cities after school
and stuff? Don¡¯t even try telling me they were diving into pools of
sludgy mud all the time. No way that¡¯s what happened.¡±

   ¡°That¡¯s true,¡± Sophie realized, ¡°Mr. Forkle gave them special
magsidian pendants he¡¯d gotten from King Enki.¡±

   ¡°Perfect¡ªwhere do I get one of those?¡± Stina demanded.
   ¡°That¡¯s not how it works,¡± Nubiti corrected. ¡°Accessing a residence
is different than accessing the city as a whole. Each residence has its
own unique security¡ªand some are far more flexible than others, like
the place where your friends stayed. And before you ask, no, accessing
a residence doesn¡¯t mean you can then access the main city, just like
visiting one of your estates does not then lead to any of your cities.¡±

   ¡°Right, but our houses are scattered all over the planet,¡± Stina
reminded her, ¡°and so are our cities, so that¡¯s a whole different thing.
I¡¯ve seen maps of Loamnore¡ªyour residences are right here.¡±

   ¡°That does not mean there¡¯s a way for an elf to pass from one to
another,¡± Nubiti insisted.

   Stina rolled her eyes. ¡°Well, there should be. Seriously, this is the
most ridiculous arrangement I¡¯ve ever heard of!¡±

   ¡°Hey, we make everyone slide down a giant whirlpool to get to
Atlantis,¡± Biana reminded her, sounding surprisingly chipper for a girl
who usually obsessed about her hair and makeup and was currently
thigh-deep in poop-colored muck. ¡°Fitz still talks about how freaked
out Sophie was the first time she had to try it. He said he was about
three seconds away from having to push her over the edge because she
was frozen in place.¡±

   The sound of Fitz¡¯s name made Sophie¡¯s heart both fluttery and
heavier¡ªbut she shoved all of those feelings aside.

   She was not letting any boy worries distract her that day.
   But she could tell Biana was watching her, waiting for some sort of
reaction. So she announced to everyone, ¡°I would¡¯ve taken Fitz with
me if he¡¯d tried.¡±
   The threat might¡¯ve sounded more ominous if she hadn¡¯t lost her
balance on her next step¡ªand she would¡¯ve face-planted into the mud
if Wylie hadn¡¯t lunged to grab her shoulders. The poor guy ended up
sunken all the way to his chest as a reward for his heroics.
   ¡°Thanks,¡± Sophie mumbled, not quite meeting Wylie¡¯s eyes.
   She hadn¡¯t found the right moment to ask if he¡¯d spoken to Maruca
yet, but she had a feeling that if he had, he would¡¯ve let her eat some
stinky mud¡ªand she probably would¡¯ve deserved it.

   But she¡¯d worry about the Wylie and Maruca problem later. If her
lecture from Bronte and Oralie had taught her anything that morning,
it was that she had to keep her mind focused on the most pressing
worry in each moment. And given that they were currently making a
rather disgusting journey to have a meeting she definitely didn¡¯t feel
prepared for, she needed to concentrate on figuring out what she was
going to say to King Enki.

   ¡°I gotta admit,¡± she said as the sludgy brown goop reached her
chest, covering the silver moonlight clasp pinning her golden sunlight
cape. ¡°I don¡¯t really get why you made us wear all of our fancy Regent
accessories if you knew we¡¯d be mud monsters by the time we got
there.¡±

   ¡°The mud completes the ensemble,¡± Grady teased, winking at her
from near the center of the swampy pool, where he stood shoulder-
deep, waiting for everyone to catch up to him.

   ¡°Or maybe I¡¯ll lose the stupid circlet when I get sucked under,¡±
Sophie muttered under her breath.

   That might make the slimy experience worth it.
   She¡¯d made her team wear the glowing starlight crowns again, since
it seemed like the most fitting choice for a visit to an underground
city. But she¡¯d felt a whole lot more like a silly little girl playing dress-
up once she¡¯d slipped it on.
   ¡°Feel free to hurry it up, guys!¡± Dex called from where he now stood
beside Grady, the mud up to his chin¡ªand creeping higher.
   ¡°Ah, but we can¡¯t,¡± Bronte told him. ¡°Because your intrepid leader is
allowing one of your teammates to fall behind.¡±
   Sophie glanced over her shoulder, scowling when she found Stina
still where they¡¯d left her¡ªand she really wished she¡¯d noticed before
Bronte had to point it out.

   ¡°It¡¯s just mud, Stina!¡± Sophie said, rolling her eyes as she turned
around to face her. ¡°You can shower it off later.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, well maybe I don¡¯t want to shower it off later,¡± Stina argued,
backing farther away from the sludge. ¡°I think I¡¯ll just wait here with
Sandor.¡±

   ¡°Not an option,¡± Sophie told her, trying to think like a leader.
   The Council had put Stina in Team Valiant for a reason. She was
also their only Empath. And she knew lots about magsidian and
shadowflux thanks to meeting with Lady Zillah.
   ¡°You have two choices,¡± Sophie decided, placing her hands on her
hips¡ªeven though most of her torso was under the mud, so the effect
was somewhat muted. ¡°You can wade in now on your own. Or I can
have Sandor pick you up and toss you in.¡±
   ¡°Everyone votes for option B, right?¡± Dex asked.
   The chorus of ¡°yes¡± was definitely unanimous.
   ¡°I hate all of you,¡± Stina informed them as Sandor stalked toward
her with a smile that looked downright gleeful. ¡°Fine. I¡¯ll do it on my
own¡ªback off!¡±
   She moved to the edge of the mud again.
   And then she just stood there.
   ¡°Ten seconds,¡± Sophie warned. ¡°Then it¡¯s Sandor dunk time! Ten¡­
nine¡­ eight¡­¡±
   Biana, Dex, and Wylie joined in the countdown as Stina made a
noise that was part growl, part moaning whale.
   ¡°Four¡­ three¡­¡±
   Stina muttered a string of words that would¡¯ve made Ro proud.
   Then she shuffled into the mud, trying to move slowly and carefully.
But two steps in, she lost her footing and¡­

   SPLASH!
   ¡°For the record,¡± Dex said as Stina burst back to the surface looking
like a sludge beast and screaming like a banshee, ¡°this might be the
greatest moment of my life.¡±
   ¡°Oh yeah?¡± Stina asked, scraping her muddy curls off her face and
running toward Dex with pretty impressive speed, despite the
resistance caused by the muck.
   ¡°Better?¡± Sophie asked Bronte as Dex received a thorough Stina-
dunking and Biana scrambled over and tackled her.
   ¡°Not quite what I¡¯d imagined,¡± Bronte noted, dodging several splats
of flying mud. ¡°But I suppose the method was still effective.¡±
   ¡°It was,¡± Sophie agreed.
   ¡°I have no doubt that you can be an excellent leader, Miss Foster,¡±
Bronte told her, his voice a bit quieter. ¡°You just need to believe that
and truly commit.¡±
   It wasn¡¯t much of a compliment¡ªbut coming from Bronte, it was
pretty huge.
   ¡°I¡¯m trying,¡± she promised, not sure if he could hear her over all the
squealing and slopping and squishing sounds.
   Stina, Biana, and Dex had dunked each other so many times, it was
now impossible to tell their muddy forms apart.
   ¡°Is there a certain place where we¡¯re supposed to let the force drag
us under?¡± Sophie asked Bronte. She¡¯d been assuming it would happen
naturally once their heads were covered. But Dex, Biana, and Stina
were now muddy from head to toe and were still at the surface.
   ¡°Once you reach the exact middle of the pool,¡± Nubiti explained,
popping out of the sand again, ¡°you¡¯ll want to close your mouth and
eyes and surrender to gravity. We will do the rest.¡±
   The ¡°we¡± in that statement felt strangely ominous.¡­
   ¡°I¡¯m assuming there¡¯s a trick for how we breathe once we have to
stay under?¡± Wylie asked Nubiti.
   ¡°No secret,¡± Bronte told him. ¡°Just hold your breath. And trust the
trap.¡±
   Sophie winced at the familiar words.
   She¡¯d been given the same instructions the day that she and Alden
sank into Exile¡ªand considering how horribly that trip went, she had
to remind herself that this time would be different.
   This time they weren¡¯t going to the planet¡¯s most secure prison to
meet with a murderous Pyrokinetic.
   And she wouldn¡¯t be performing any horrible memory breaks¡ªnor
would there be any surprise mental breakdowns or shattering
consciousnesses.
   Her abilities were also working properly this time.
   Well¡­ mostly.
   ¡°Do you not want to do this?¡± Grady asked, probably
misunderstanding why her lips had dipped into a frown. ¡°You don¡¯t
have to.¡±
   ¡°Uh, yes she does!¡± the blobby brown creature who sounded like
Stina insisted as it stalked toward Sophie¡ªbut the other two mud
monsters dragged her back, even after Stina latched on to Wylie,
taking him with her as the four of them became a tangle of thrashing
limbs and flying mud in the center of the mud pool.
   ¡°See you on the other side!¡± Biana¡¯s voice shouted from among the
chaos, and Dex added, ¡°TEAM VALIANT FOR THE WIN!¡± Then
there were sharp intakes of breath and some strange gurgling sounds
as all four teammates sank under the muck.
   ¡°They¡¯re going to make quite the entrance into Loamnore,¡± Grady
said¡ªhis smile fading when Sophie barely laughed. ¡°You sure you¡¯re
okay?¡±
   ¡°Of course.¡± She waved a muddy arm at all the grossness around

her. ¡°How could I not be?¡± But the joke clearly wasn¡¯t going to fly as
an answer. So she admitted, ¡°I¡¯m just¡­ nervous. I meant to do more
research before we came here, but there¡¯s been so much going on that
this visit snuck up on me.¡±

   She glanced at Bronte, wondering if he¡¯d call her out for focusing
too much on finding her biological parents. But he was studiously
examining his muddy fingernails.

   Grady waded closer to Sophie, draping a muddy arm around her
shoulders. ¡°I¡¯ll let you in on a secret, kiddo. You could¡¯ve spent the last
week rehearsing for this visit every single day and you¡¯d still be
nervous¡ªand there¡¯s nothing wrong with that. I¡¯m nervous, and I¡¯ve
been to Loamnore numerous times! These kinds of assignments are
intimidating. So don¡¯t be too hard on yourself, okay? You¡¯re doing
great.¡± He kissed her cheek, leaving a muddy chin print on her neck as
he whispered, ¡°And remember, you have lots of backup. Your friends
may be goofballs, but they¡¯re also talented and fearless. And you know
I¡¯ll never let anything bad happen to you.¡±

   ¡°Thanks,¡± Sophie told him, spinning to pull him into a real hug.
¡°Guess we should probably catch up with the others, huh?¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m pretty sure if we don¡¯t, they¡¯ll find a way to destroy something,¡±
Grady agreed.

   Sophie had assumed that Bronte would go next, but he held back, so
Grady went, telling her, ¡°Point your toes when it¡¯s your turn¡ªit¡¯ll
make it go faster. And keep your mouth closed¡ªtrust me on that.¡±

   ¡°I will,¡± she promised, pressing her lips together to prove it.
   Then Grady was gone¡ªsucked down the mudhole, leaving Sophie
alone with Bronte, and she straightened up, bracing for another
lecture.
   ¡°Remember what I told you about King Enki,¡± he said as she
followed him to the center of the muddy pool.

   Bronte and Oralie had given Sophie a lengthy lesson that morning,
once she¡¯d showered and changed, going over all kinds of tedious
protocols.

   When to bow.
   Where to look¡ªand where to not look.
   Proper responses to various phrases the king might say.
   The importance of using titles¡ªand having good posture.
   But above all, they¡¯d emphasized two things.
   Authority and confidence.
   She needed to display an abundance of both if she wanted the king
to take her seriously.
   And Sophie had been feeling pretty daunted by all of that back
when she had freshly styled hair and a ton of glittering diamonds on
her tunic.
   She wasn¡¯t sure how to pull it off as Lady Mud Monster.
   But¡­ she¡¯d find a way.
   ¡°Are you ready?¡± Bronte asked.
   Sophie tried to mean it when she nodded. But she had to add, ¡°I¡¯ll
try not to mess anything up.¡±
   ¡°A worthy goal,¡± Bronte told her. ¡°But I think you should aim
higher. I meant what I said earlier. I have no doubt that you¡¯ll be an
incredible leader if you stop second-guessing yourself and commit.¡±
   Sophie looked away, not sure what to do with the compliment
besides mumble a quick ¡°thanks.¡±
   He nodded and stepped into position. But before the mud dragged
him under, he cleared his throat and added, ¡°For the record, Miss
Foster, now that it¡¯s just you and me¡ªor I suppose I should say you,
me, and your bodyguards¡ªI¡­ may not be your biological father, nor
have I ever wanted to involve myself in that kind of experiment. But¡­
if you were my daughter, I¡¯d be very proud.¡±

   His head disappeared into the sludge as he finished the last word,
leaving Sophie staring at the mucky air bubbles he¡¯d left behind,
wondering if she¡¯d imagined what he¡¯d said¡ªand trying to figure out
what to do with that information if she hadn¡¯t.

   The shock stayed with her as she stumbled to the center and
pointed her toes, her mind barely registering the slight tug on her
ankles as the muck dragged her down, down, down, much farther than
she¡¯d been expecting.

   And yet, she felt nothing.
   Thought nothing.
   Just held her breath and sank through the darkness, waiting for
solid ground to steady her again.
   And when she found it, along with fresh air and just enough soft,
flickering light to see, she¡­
   Didn¡¯t know how to describe what was happening.
   There was too much shouting, and laughing.
   But mostly too much splattering.
   So.
   Much.
   Splattering.
   Tiny particles of brown were flying everywhere¡ªkind of like a dust
storm, but wetter and stickier and everything was somehow falling up,
not down.
   And the longer Sophie stood there, the lighter and softer and
steadier she felt, until the air cleared, and her eyes focused, and¡­ she
didn¡¯t know where to look, or what to think, or how, or why, or¡­
   Clean.
   It seemed like a good word to start with.
   Because she was.
   Her skin was smooth. Her hair was bouncy and shiny. And her
clothes were completely spotless.
   There was absolutely zero trace of any mud, grime, or grossness.
   And Dex, Stina, Wylie, and Biana looked just as immaculate¡ªas did
Grady and Bronte.
   Which brought Sophie¡¯s mind back to the how¡ªand she must¡¯ve
said it out loud, because Nubiti popped out of the sandy floor, pointed
to one of the prism-shaped black stones set into the room¡¯s cavelike
ceiling, and told her, ¡°Magsidian.¡±
   ¡°Magsidian,¡± Sophie repeated, feeling goose bumps prickle her
arms.
   Nubiti nodded. ¡°These particular shards are cut to draw the earth to
them. It¡¯s how we clean up our visitors¡ªand how we reinforce the
cavern after someone¡¯s arrival.¡±
   Sophie squinted harder at the curved ceiling, and sure enough, it did
seem to have a fresh layer of packed earth coating it. ¡°That¡¯s¡­¡±
   She knew she probably should say ¡°amazing¡±¡ªbut now that she
knew what magsidian was made of, she found herself saying ¡°weird.¡±
   And what she really wanted to say was¡­ ¡°kinda scary.¡±
   ¡°So where are we?¡± she asked, studying the rest of the bubble-
shaped room, which didn¡¯t have much to see, honestly. The floor was
made of packed, shimmering sand, and the ceiling was made of
smooth, dark mud, and the walls were carved from a gray, marbled
stone that had been polished to a perfect gleam. Every few feet there
were arched nooks carved into the rock¡ªlower than Sophie was used
to, thanks to the dwarves¡¯ shorter stature¡ªwhere delicate glass jars
flickered with tongues of pale orange fire, providing just enough light
to reveal two hallways ahead.
   One was narrow, but bright enough to tell that it curved to the left.
   The other was a wide, black void of nothingness.
   ¡°We call this our Visitor Center,¡± Nubiti explained. ¡°Those with
permission to enter the city go that way¡±¡ªshe pointed to the path that
Sophie very much hoped they were taking¡ª¡°and those here for King
Enki go this way.¡±
   ¡°I thought we were starting with a tour of the city,¡± Grady cut in
when Nubiti turned to lead them toward the darker path.
   ¡°King Enki told me this morning that I must bring you to see him
first,¡± Nubiti explained¡ªand Sophie definitely didn¡¯t miss the look
that passed between Bronte and Grady.
   Dex must¡¯ve caught it too, because he asked, ¡°Is that a bad thing?¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Bronte said in a tone that wasn¡¯t convincing. ¡°But it¡¯s rare for
the king to change plans.¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± Nubiti agreed, not bothering to expand on that statement as
she gestured for them to follow her into the shadows.
   Grady sighed and reached for Sophie¡¯s hand¡ªwhich didn¡¯t feel that
strange until Bronte grabbed her other hand.
   ¡°It¡¯s best to keep contact,¡± Bronte explained. ¡°The King¡¯s Path is¡­
unsettling.¡±
   ¡°More unsettling than sinking through a gross bog?¡± Stina asked,
reaching for Biana, who was already clinging to Dex.
   Wylie completed their chain as Grady told them, ¡°Unfortunately,
yes.¡±
   Dex sighed. ¡°Why?¡±
   A curl of white in the shadows caught Sophie¡¯s eye, and it took her a
second to realize it was Nubiti¡¯s smile as the tiny dwarf told them, ¡°We
had to make sure the path to our king is a journey no intruder wants to
make.¡±
   ¡°What about guests?¡± Sophie asked.
   Nubiti¡¯s smile faded. ¡°To King Enki you are one and the same.¡±
             TWENTY-FOUR

OKAY, SO BACK TO THAT lovely ¡®unsettling¡¯ description you gave us,¡±

Biana said to Bronte as their group stared at the dark path ahead, none
of them seeming eager to make the first step. ¡°What exactly does that
mean we¡¯re in for? Steep drops? Eerie noises? Creepy-crawly things?¡±

   ¡°Really hope it¡¯s not that last one,¡± Wylie mumbled.
   Sophie definitely agreed.
   ¡°If it helps,¡± Nubiti called from somewhere in the shadows¡ªand
the whole disembodied-voice thing did not make her next words very
reassuring¡ª¡°everything you¡¯re about to experience will live entirely in
your minds. None of it will be real.¡±
   ¡°None of what?¡± Dex asked.
   ¡°It¡¯s different for everyone,¡± Grady told him, tightening his grip on
Sophie¡¯s hand. ¡°I don¡¯t fully understand the phenomenon, but
something about the sensory deprivation makes us see things, and
hear things, and sometimes even feel things that aren¡¯t actually there.¡±
   ¡°And I¡¯m assuming it won¡¯t be, like, pretty flowers and flying
alicorns and rainbow glitter showers?¡± Biana asked.
   ¡°It is for some,¡± Bronte admitted. ¡°And those kinds of
hallucinations pose their own challenges. But the majority of us will
find that the total absence of any light leaves us facing our worst
nightmares.¡±
   ¡°Wonderful,¡± Dex muttered.
   ¡°Wait¡ªtotal absence of light?¡± Wylie clarified.
   Sophie frowned when Bronte nodded.
   ¡°I thought there was always some light,¡± she argued, ¡°and that we
just had to find a way to make our mind concentrate on it in order to
see it.¡±

   That was what she¡¯d been taught during her skill lessons, when she
was trying to improve her darkness vision.

   ¡°Not on the King¡¯s Path,¡± Grady corrected. ¡°Once we move far
enough away from this room, there won¡¯t be any light until we reach
the Grand Hall.¡±

   ¡°How is that possible?¡± Wylie wondered.
   Sophie could¡¯ve guessed Nubiti¡¯s answer.
   ¡°Magsidian. The stones set along the King¡¯s Path have been cut to
absorb every particle of light that comes near them, which makes
those in my species lose their bearings unless they¡¯ve been given
something specific to guide them. But you elves have a much stronger
reaction. The effect won¡¯t set in immediately, and when it does, I¡¯ll be
here to keep you moving. But you must all count on becoming very
disoriented. And those of you who¡¯ve journeyed down the King¡¯s Path
before should know that our security has changed in recent months.
The magsidian has been altered, and that, in turn, has altered the
Path¡¯s effect. There¡¯s no consensus on whether the experience is better
or worse, but all agree that it¡¯s wholly different, and many have
struggled because they thought they knew what to expect. So try to go
in with the mind-set that what you¡¯re about to endure will be unlike
anything you¡¯ve survived before.¡±
   Sophie wasn¡¯t a fan of the word ¡°endure¡± in all of that.
   Or ¡°survived.¡±
   But she tried to be a good leader and focus on what was most
important.
   ¡°Does that mean the King¡¯s Path is where the dwarves who joined
the Neverseen sabotaged the magsidian before they left?¡± she asked.
   ¡°It¡¯s one of several locations,¡± Nubiti agreed, sounding far more
casual than Sophie would¡¯ve expected, considering the fact that they
were discussing a security breach on the path to her king.

   ¡°Where were the other places?¡± Stina wanted to know.
   ¡°I¡¯ll show you during the tour,¡± Nubiti promised. ¡°Right now, I need
you to start moving. You¡¯ll still have a few minutes before the
disorientation hits if you need to ask any final questions. But keeping
King Enki waiting would be a very unwise way to begin this visit.¡±
   ¡°It would,¡± Bronte agreed. ¡°Particularly given the change of plans.¡±
   Sophie had a feeling the quick squeeze he gave her hand had
nothing to do with reassurance and everything to do with the fact that
she was supposed to take the lead.
   So she allowed herself one long breath to gather her courage.
   Then she dragged everyone onto the dark, unsettling path.
   They¡¯d only taken three steps before Sophie¡¯s lumenite circlet
winked out¡ªalong with Dex¡¯s, Wylie¡¯s, Stina¡¯s, and Biana¡¯s¡ªand
Sophie hadn¡¯t realized how much the white light had been helping
until it was gone.
   ¡°Within the next minute, you will no longer be able to see,¡± Nubiti
warned, sounding suddenly closer, ¡°and when that happens, I need you
to know three things. First: The Path is flat and true, so there¡¯s no
need to seek out walls for balance. You can trust your feet not to fail
you¡ªeven those of you who sometimes consider yourselves to be
clumsy. Second: My voice is your guide, and you will be able to follow
the sound regardless of how deeply you lose yourself. And third: The
longer you linger, the worse the effect gets. So if you can hold on to
one truth, it¡¯s that you must keep going, no matter what.¡±
   ¡°This is sounding better and better,¡± Stina grumbled.
   ¡°If you don¡¯t like it,¡± Nubiti told her, ¡°I suggest you move faster.¡±
   Sophie picked up the pace for all of them.
   ¡°How much longer do we have before the hallucinations start?¡± Dex
asked.

   ¡°It varies from person to person,¡± Bronte told him. ¡°I¡¯ve seen some
lose themselves almost instantly, and others make it through a
significant portion of the journey.¡±

   ¡°The average is about ten minutes from the moment you hit the
darkness,¡± Grady added, ¡°which for us should be right¡­ about¡­ now.¡±

   Sophie didn¡¯t need the verbal cue¡ªshe knew the second the light
abandoned them.

   The shadows shifted, turning blacker¡ªthicker.
   Erasing everything.
   Up. Down. Left. Right. These no longer held any meaning.
   She couldn¡¯t even feel the breath in her chest or the ground beneath
her feet.
   Ten minutes until the madness, she thought, determined to last longer.
She counted off the seconds, hoping the focused task would keep her
head clear.
   How many seconds were in fifteen minutes?
   Or twenty?
   Working the math made her lose count, and she started over,
making it to eighty-one before the darkness changed again, slamming
against her with an eerie sort of chill that sank past clothes and skin
and bone.
   Into the heart of every cell.
   Freezing solid.
   But her body didn¡¯t shiver.
   It sweated.
   And the trickle down her back felt like icy fingers¡ªtugging at her
hair, her skin, her clothes¡ª
   No! Stop! Focus!
   No one was touching her.
   No one else was even there with her, except Nubiti and Bronte and
Dex and¡­
   There were more.
   Why couldn¡¯t she remember them?
   And what if there was someone else¡ªsomeone she didn¡¯t know?
   Nubiti had never said they¡¯d be alone as they journeyed down this
path.
   And dwarves could pop out of the ground anytime, anywhere, their
clawed hands thrashing through the sand, teeth glinting¡ª
   ¡°What was that?¡±
   Sophie didn¡¯t recognize the voice who asked.
   She also couldn¡¯t see what they meant.
   It was too dark. Too cold. Too empty. Too¡ª
   ¡°Wait, what was that?¡±
   This time the voice was hers¡ªthough it sounded shriller.
   Shakier.
   Broken up by heavy breaths.
   But that was because she¡¯d caught something this time.
   A flicker of movement.
   A darker shade of black.
   Someone was there.
   What was that? What was that? What was that?
   So many flashes all around her, burning her eyes, making them tear
up. But she must¡¯ve made it past the darkness, because she could see
again.
   The hallway stretched endlessly in front of her.
   And it was empty.
   No one.
   No one.
   No one.
   Her hands felt strange now.
   Hadn¡¯t she been holding on to something?
   And wasn¡¯t she supposed to be with¡­?
   She couldn¡¯t remember their names.
   Sophie.
   No¡ªthat wasn¡¯t it.
   She needed several beats to realize that was her name. And she tried
to tell the voice it wasn¡¯t being helpful, but it just kept repeating her
name over and over¡ªthe sound echoing down the dark, empty hallway
in front of her.
   Urging her on.
   Slowly she followed.
   Counting her steps. Her breaths. The stones beneath her feet.
   Anything.
   Everything.
   Millions of things.
   Billions.
   How long had she been there if she¡¯d counted that high?
   How many lifetimes had passed?
   No¡ªthat couldn¡¯t be right.
   She shook her head, trying to clear it and¡­
   Her ears felt strange.
   Longer.
   Sharper.
   Ancient.
   ¡°No!¡± she screamed, reaching for her face, but she couldn¡¯t feel it,
couldn¡¯t find it.
   ¡°Yes, Sophie,¡± a voice said behind her. ¡°We¡¯ve come that far. And
this was always where we were heading.¡±
   She spun around and¡­
   There.
   There in the center of the hall.
   A tall figure in a hooded black cloak with white eyes glowing across
the sleeves.
   The sight of it made Sophie want to kick and punch and vomit all
over the floor¡ªbut she couldn¡¯t feel her body enough to do any of
those things.
   ¡°Isn¡¯t it time to stop fighting?¡± the figure asked, raising its arms¡ª
but not to strike.
   To embrace.
   ¡°This was always the endgame,¡± it told her, no longer in a single
voice.
   A voice with four layers.
   Gethen.
   Vespera.
   Lady Gisela.
   The fourth she couldn¡¯t¡ªwouldn¡¯t¡ªlet herself recognize.
   But that didn¡¯t mean it wasn¡¯t there.
   And it was the only tone she could hear when the figure told her,
¡°This is our legacy.¡±
   ¡°NEVER!¡±
   She screamed the word so loud that her throat tore, pain arcing
through her as she turned to run and run and run¡ªbut there were
cloaked figures everywhere.
   Hundreds of them.
   Thousands.
   A lifetime of enemies.
   Closing in.
   Welcoming her home.
   ¡°Sophie. Sophie. Sophie.¡±
   NEVER! NEVER! NEVER!
   ¡°Never is a very long time¡ªbut not long enough,¡± all the figures
told her, and it was in that same voice again.
   The one she hated but didn¡¯t hate.
   ¡°Go away go away go away,¡± she begged, curling in on herself as the
figures closed in¡ªblack fabric all around, flowing and fluttering and
flapping.
   ¡°This is my legacy,¡± they told her. ¡°Our legacy. Your legacy.¡±
   No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
   Panic and fury flooded her mind¡ªthicker and blacker than the
darkness.
   Like poison.
   Like a weapon.
   ¡°I can stop you,¡± Sophie told them.
   ¡°We¡¯d like to see you try!¡± they challenged.
   And she would show them.
   She¡¯d show everyone.
   ¡°Sophie!¡±
   The voice was new and not new.
   Familiar but strange.
   And much, much too far away.
   But it called for her anyway, repeating her name over and over and
over.
   Growing more desperate.
   ¡°Don¡¯t listen!¡± her enemies shouted. ¡°Listen to us! We¡¯re your
endgame! And you will never be able to stop us!¡±
   ¡°YOU¡¯RE WRONG!¡± Sophie screamed. ¡°I¡¯M THE MOONLARK!¡±
   She dived into her consciousness, letting the poisonous darkness
boil and bubble and burn around her.
   But it wouldn¡¯t be enough.
   She needed to be so much stronger.
   So she reached deeper.
   Sank farther.
   Past the walls around her heart.
   To the reserves within.
   Emotions so pure, so potent that there was no longer good or bad.
   Only unending power.
   Sophie. Sophie. Sophie.
   No¡ªshe wasn¡¯t Sophie anymore.
   She was hate.
   And love.
   And victory.
   And defeat.
   And she was finishing this¡ªonce and for all.
   Red rimmed the edges of her consciousness, and the darkness rose
higher and higher, pressing against her mind, clawing out like a
monster and¡ª
   ¡°SOPHIE, STOP IT!¡±
   The voice felt like a slap.
   Or maybe she really had been slapped.
   Her cheek stung and her breath was heaving and¡­
   ¡°Wait¡ªwhere am I?¡± Sophie asked, feeling like she¡¯d been dropped
into a strange new body, and only parts of it were working.
   She couldn¡¯t see.
   And her ears were ringing.
   And her legs were so, so shaky.
   And her head¡­
   Her head was much too heavy.
   She let it fall forward, and then every part of her followed¡ªfalling,
falling, falling¡ªuntil something squeezed her arms and dragged her
back upright.

   ¡°We¡¯re still on the King¡¯s Path,¡± the voice told her, ¡°so I need you to
get it together.¡±

   The sharpness of the tone gave Sophie the piece her brain had been
missing.

   Stina.
   She was talking to Stina.
   And this¡­
   This was reality.
   Everything else¡­
   ¡°What¡¯s happening?¡± Sophie asked, shoving the lingering wisps of
her nightmare to the back of her mind and trying to spot something¡ª
anything¡ªto give her brain some focus.
   But there was only the thick, endless black, and the more she stared
into it, the more it stared back.
   Looming over her.
   Ready to devour.
   ¡°None of that!¡± Stina snapped as something squeezed Sophie¡¯s arms
again.
   Hands, she realized.
   Hands that were shaking her.
   ¡°Stop it!¡± she whined.
   ¡°Then stay awake!¡± Stina ordered. ¡°I don¡¯t think I can stop you from
inflicting again.¡±
   ¡°Inflicting?¡± The word was a kick to the heart. ¡°Did I¡ª¡±
   ¡°Almost,¡± Stina corrected. ¡°The pain knocked me out of the weird
dream I¡¯d been having. Something about unicorns and kelpies¡­ and¡­ I
don¡¯t really know. They were chasing me, and¡­ it doesn¡¯t matter.¡±
There was a rustling sound like Stina was shaking her head. ¡°Then I
realized what was happening, and somehow I got my legs moving,
following the feeling until I found you and tried to snap you out of it. I
pulled your gloves off, but you still had those gadget things on, and I
didn¡¯t know how to work them. So I tried smacking you¡ª¡±

   ¡°I knew it,¡± Sophie murmured, reaching up to feel her cheek¡ª
marveling that her arm and hand were willing to do that. It still felt
like she was inhabiting someone else¡¯s body¡ªa puppet with ten
million strings, and she didn¡¯t know how to use any of them. ¡°But¡­
you stopped me in time?¡±

   ¡°I think so. I can¡¯t see anything, but I don¡¯t feel anyone in pain or
anything.¡±

   Sophie sank with a sigh, and Stina had to steady her again.
   ¡°Seriously, Sophie, I¡¯m having a hard enough time¡ª¡±
   ¡°You two shouldn¡¯t be conscious,¡± another voice interrupted from
somewhere beside them, and Sophie wondered if her heart was going
to be permanently stuck in her throat from the shock of it.
   But the jolt brought a new level of clarity to her brain.
   ¡°Nubiti?¡± she whispered.
   ¡°Who else?¡± the voice¡ªNubiti¡ªasked.
   And she was close enough now that Sophie could feel Nubiti¡¯s
breath on her cheeks as if her dwarven bodyguard was leaning in,
studying her through the nothingness.
   ¡°You should¡¯ve heard me guiding you,¡± she told Sophie quietly. ¡°But
you didn¡¯t. No matter what I tried.¡±
   Stina snorted. ¡°Big surprise, something about Sophie doesn¡¯t go the
way it¡¯s supposed to.¡±
   ¡°I guess I should¡¯ve expected her reaction might be atypical,¡± Nubiti
conceded. ¡°But that doesn¡¯t explain why you¡¯re functioning so clearly.¡±
Nubiti¡¯s voice shifted, like she was moving to examine Stina. ¡°How are
you awake?¡±

   ¡°No idea,¡± Stina admitted. ¡°I¡¯m guessing it¡¯s an Empath thing. I felt
Sophie¡¯s emotions spiking out everywhere, and they dragged me back
¡ªand be glad they did, because you¡¯d be writhing in pain on the floor
right now if I hadn¡¯t. We all would. I¡¯m sure your king would love that.
And, wait a minute, why is it so much easier to think all of a sudden? I
had to fight so hard at first.¡±

   ¡°So did I,¡± Sophie added, and the thought felt like stretching her
mind, waking up muscles she hadn¡¯t been using.

   ¡°I¡¯m wearing a piece of magsidian that keeps my head clear so I can
guide you down the Path,¡± Nubiti explained. ¡°You must be benefitting
from the proximity to it.¡±

   ¡°So wait¡­ is everyone else still hallucinating right now?¡± Sophie
asked, whipping around when Nubiti told her, ¡°Yes.¡±

   She had to find them¡ªhelp them.
   But it was too dark.
   And her body was so tired.
   And she didn¡¯t know how to pull all the strings and make
everything work yet.
   ¡°They¡¯re fine,¡± Nubiti assured her. ¡°It¡¯s all in their minds.¡±
   ¡°That doesn¡¯t make it any less traumatic,¡± Sophie snapped back,
squeezing her eyes, trying to block any flashbacks of her creepy
visions.
   She¡¯d have to face them someday¡ªanalyze what the hallucinations
said about her deepest fears.
   But she¡¯d had more than enough of them for the moment.
   ¡°This is a horrible thing to do to people!¡± she told Nubiti. ¡°How can
you just stand by, letting them suffer?¡±
   ¡°Because this is how we protect our king! My people are small. And
few. Who would ever fear us if we didn¡¯t give them a reason to?¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m pretty sure all you¡¯d have to do is show them that trick you
guys do with the stomping-and-opening-up-huge-cracks-in-the-
ground thing,¡± Sophie reminded her.

   ¡°That is no trick,¡± Nubiti huffed, ¡°and it takes far more energy than
you think. This is better. And safer. No enemy poses any real danger if
they cannot even find King Enki, and if they¡¯re too frightened and
weary to resist capture. Besides¡ªthe only weapon we¡¯re using is
darkness. How is that cruel?¡±

   Sophie wished she had a good answer, because Nubiti¡¯s points were
valid.

   But the Path was still so incredibly awful.
   Nubiti let out a sigh. ¡°Every moment we stand here arguing is
another moment the rest of your group must endure their delusions. So
why don¡¯t you take my hands and let me lead us out of the maze?¡±
   ¡°So the King¡¯s Path is also a maze?¡± Stina asked.
   ¡°Of course. Between the darkness and the endless twisting
corridors, no one can get through unless we want them to. No one,¡± she
emphasized. ¡°That¡¯s the point. To keep our Grand Hall as a safe haven.
I know you doubt our security¡ª¡±
   ¡°Don¡¯t you?¡± Sophie interrupted. ¡°Isn¡¯t that why you told us about
the magsidian?¡±
   ¡°I worry about certain places,¡± Nubiti admitted. ¡°But not about the
King¡¯s Path. That¡¯s why I planned your visit to start with the tour of
the city, so you would feel the difference. The Path is our masterpiece.
Even you, with all your moonlark gifts, couldn¡¯t begin to brave it.¡±
   ¡°Stina kinda did,¡± Sophie noted.
   ¡°Not really,¡± Stina admitted. ¡°I mean, I did way better than you. You
were a disaster. But¡­ if your inflicting hadn¡¯t snapped me out of it, I¡¯d
still be thinking I was being chased by kelpies and unicorns. There
might¡¯ve been a talking murcat, too, and maybe a flock of boobries? I
don¡¯t know¡ªit was super weird and really overwhelming.¡±

   ¡°Exactly,¡± Nubiti said. ¡°And we need to keep moving. I¡¯m sure King
Enki is growing frustrated with our tardiness¡ªand you must not tell
him about your strange reactions to the darkness. He will consider it
an insult.¡±

   ¡°How is it an insult?¡± Stina wondered.
   ¡°Because he says it is,¡± Nubiti said, as if that was all that mattered.
   And Sophie was ready to argue, but¡­ maybe that¡¯s how it worked
for kings.
   They weren¡¯t just above the law.
   They made the law.
   ¡°Time to hurry,¡± Nubiti said, hooking an arm around Sophie¡¯s and
dragging her forward as Stina flailed to keep her grip on Sophie¡¯s other
arm.
   ¡°What about the rest of our group?¡± Sophie asked, wishing she
could spot some trace of them in the darkness.
   But no.
   Nubiti¡¯s pendant might¡¯ve cleared her head, but it didn¡¯t lighten the
endless, overwhelming black.
   ¡°They will follow my voice,¡± Nubiti assured her, calling out, ¡°THIS
WAY!¡± and Sophie thought she might¡¯ve heard the sound of feet
shuffling after them.
   The steps were listless.
   Loping.
   Like zombies hunting flesh.
   She shook her head to fight the fresh wave of panic. ¡°This is a bad
place to have a vivid imagination.¡±
   ¡°Yes¡± was all Nubiti told her, then shouted, ¡°KEEP UP!¡± and
increased their pace even more.

   Sophie counted their steps, glad her mind could stay focused on the
numbers.

   One hundred.
   Two hundred.
   Three.
   Four.
   Five.
   On the five hundred and twenty-third step, there was light.
   Blissful, glorious light.
   Only a glimmer¡ªand yet it burned and burned and burned.
   Searing across Sophie¡¯s corneas.
   Scorching into her brain.
   And she didn¡¯t care one bit, because her thoughts were clear and her
body was hers and she could see the rest of her group around her,
stretching and blinking out of their dazes.
   She wanted to run around hugging all of them¡ªbut that probably
would¡¯ve been a bad idea. Because as she settled back into reality, she
took a longer look at her surroundings and realized they¡¯d stopped in
front of a very large, very fancy, very intimidating door made from
thousands of pieces of every possible kind of metal intricately welded
together.
   The kind of door that surely led to the Grand Hall of a dwarven
king.
   Still, she couldn¡¯t listen to Nubiti¡¯s final instructions, needing to use
those brief moments to make eye contact with everyone to ensure that
they were okay.
   They definitely looked weary, and haunted. But they gave her small
smiles¡ªand she gave them the same so they¡¯d know not to worry
about her, either.
   And then there was an earth-shaking clang and a cringeworthy

scraping, and Nubiti was guiding them into another dim, round room
¡ªenormous this time. And far more elegant.

   The packed white sand making up the floor shimmered like a
moonlit shoreline, and the earthy ceiling was flecked with silvery
minerals like stars. A chandelier formed from interlocking rings of
dangling, flame-filled glass jars cast a flickering orangey glow over
everything. And the marbled walls had gorgeous swirled carvings
inlaid with gold and silver and copper and lumenite and other metals
that shone green and black and purple. Gemstones were set into the
marble around the swirls: emeralds and rubies and topazes and
sapphires and onyxes¡ªthough Sophie had a feeling some of the black
stones were magsidian.

   And in the center of it all, seated on a glittering black throne, was a
small bald creature wearing white furry pants and a crown carved from
a single piece of curved opalescent shell.

   King Enki.
   He snorted at their arrival. And his gritty voice sounded particularly
gruff when he told them, ¡°I don¡¯t like to be kept waiting.¡±
              TWENTY-FIVE

I¡¯VE NEVER SEEN A DWARF without fur,¡± Stina whispered¡ªthough the

words still felt way too loud in the echoey room. ¡°It¡¯s¡­ odd.¡±
   It totally was.
   But that didn¡¯t stop Sophie from elbowing Stina in the ribs¡ªand

wishing she could do the same to Dex for letting one muffled snicker
slip.

   Clearly she should¡¯ve warned the rest of her teammates about King
Enki¡¯s unusual appearance ahead of time, so they would¡¯ve been
prepared for the surprise.

   She¡¯d have to add that to the list of ways she wasn¡¯t exactly killing it
as team leader.

   King Enki might look a lot like a plucked chicken with mottled
peach, brown, and black skin. But to the dwarves, the fur-waxing was a
statement of their king¡¯s power and strength.

   Sophie wasn¡¯t sure why a fur-free king communicated either of
those things¡ªbut it didn¡¯t matter.

   She and her friends didn¡¯t have to understand it.
   They just needed to show their respect¡ªespecially since they¡¯d
already arrived late, and had forgotten to bow when they entered,
which Sophie only realized after someone cleared their throat beside
her.
   Then she turned and saw that Grady had dropped to one knee and
Bronte stood stooped at the waist¡ªeach position reflecting their titles
of Emissary and Councillor.
   As Regents, Sophie and her friends were supposed to drop to both
knees¡ªwhich they immediately scrambled to do.

   Dex, Stina, Wylie, and Biana were also supposed to lower their
heads.

   But Sophie had to keep her head held high to show her authority.
Which made it a lot harder to not flinch when the king¡¯s gaze focused
on her.

   ¡°My guards tell me you experienced some challenges on the Path
here, Miss Foster,¡± he called out, making Sophie wince. And even
though there was quite a bit of distance between them, Sophie could
hear his claws tapping the armrests on his throne.

   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   She wished she could turn to Nubiti for guidance, since she hadn¡¯t
forgotten her bodyguard¡¯s warning about how King Enki would
consider her struggles along the Path to be insulting. But she forced
herself to remember what Bronte and Oralie had taught her.
   ¡°It¡¯s Lady Foster,¡± she corrected, trying to channel Keefe¡¯s smooth
confidence as she held the king¡¯s stare. ¡°Leader of Team Valiant. And
yes, your security definitely did pose a challenge. Clearly it¡¯s been
brilliantly designed.¡±
   Authority and deference.
   That¡¯s what Bronte and Oralie had emphasized.
   She needed to speak with conviction.
   Demand recognition.
   But also defer to the king¡¯s authority¡ªand give praise any chance
she found.
   From the corner of her eye, she could see both Bronte and Nubiti
nod their approval.
   But her relief was short-lived.
   ¡°If you find our security so impressive,¡± King Enki said with a lot
more tickety-tapping, ¡°I wonder why you¡¯ve demanded this meeting to
inspect it.¡±

   ¡°You know very well why we¡¯re here,¡± Bronte cut in, straightening
from his bow.

   ¡°Do I?¡±
   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   ¡°Yes,¡± Bronte insisted.
   King Enki inclined his head, making the light glint off of the
smooth opalescent circle of his crown¡ªwhich probably would¡¯ve been
an impressive accessory if Sophie weren¡¯t so familiar with the creepy
giant sand crab creature the shell came from. She could remember too
many spindly, flailing legs to ever find it pretty.
   ¡°I thought I understood the purpose of this meeting,¡± King Enki
said, and Sophie blinked back to attention, ¡°right up until yesterday,
when I found myself playing host to someone from the Black Swan.¡±
   ¡°The Black Swan?¡± Grady repeated, as Sophie blurted out,
¡°Yesterday?¡± and Biana and Dex both asked Bronte, ¡°Did you know
about that?¡±
   ¡°We¡­ were unaware of that meeting,¡± Bronte told King Enki after a
beat of silence.
   ¡°Clearly.¡± Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap. ¡°Which seems
particularly strange to me, since I was told that many of you kneeling
in front of me are members of the order.¡±
   ¡°We are,¡± Sophie agreed, hoping it was okay to shift back to
standing. Her knees were starting to feel bruised¡ªthe sandy floor was
much more solid than it looked.
   She didn¡¯t know how the rest of her teammates were managing to
stay so still.
   ¡°Well, then surely you can understand why I find it both obnoxious
and suspicious that these meetings weren¡¯t combined,¡± King Enki
informed her.

   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   ¡°Either you¡¯re wasting my time,¡± he added, ¡°or the Council¡¯s been
overstating their supposedly improved relationship with the Black
Swan.¡±
   ¡°If we were, do you think Miss Foster would be with us?¡± Bronte
countered. ¡°And as a Regent, no less? Leader of a vital new
arrangement in our nobility?¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s what I¡¯m trying to determine.¡± King Enki reached out his
palm and curled his fingers¡ªa gesture that Sophie had been told
meant that she was supposed to approach the throne.
   She didn¡¯t dare glance at any of her friends, knowing the worry in
their eyes would shred her already frazzled confidence. And the
twenty-seven steps she took to cross the room felt like twenty-seven
miles. She had to lock her arms at her sides to be sure she didn¡¯t fidget
as King Enki leaned closer, sniffing the air between them.
   ¡°So much fear,¡± he murmured.
   ¡°Can you blame me?¡± she asked, hoping the question would earn
her points, both as honesty and a subtle compliment.
   ¡°No, I suppose I can¡¯t.¡±
   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   ¡°So¡­ the moonlark now has a crown,¡± he said, leaning back against
his throne again. ¡°And she¡¯s distanced herself from her creators.¡±
   ¡°I haven¡¯t¡ª¡± Sophie stopped herself, realizing that arguing with
King Enki would only make things worse.
   Instead, she straightened up, smoothing her golden cape and
straightening the jeweled hem of her tunic before she told him, ¡°I¡¯ll
always be their moonlark.¡±
   ¡°And what exactly does that mean?¡± he asked.
   ¡°Honestly? I have no idea,¡± Sophie admitted, holding her breath
through the silence that followed the confession.
   And she cringed at the sharp sound King Enki finally made¡ªuntil
she realized it was a single barked laugh.
   ¡°I think I could enjoy your company, Lady Foster,¡± he told her,
looking even more surprised by the sentiment than she was. ¡°If only
you weren¡¯t here to criticize my city.¡±
   Sweat streamed down Sophie¡¯s back, and she sucked in a steadying
breath. ¡°I¡ª¡±
   ¡°No need to deny it,¡± King Enki interrupted. ¡°And it may be unfair
to hold it against you. It¡¯s not your fault your Council has chosen to
use you this way¡ªsending you to face me, hoping I¡¯ll be less inclined
to offense if the criticisms come from a pretty young child.¡± His gaze
shifted to someone over Sophie¡¯s shoulder as he called out, ¡°At least
the Black Swan had the courage to face me leader-to-leader when they
gave their unnecessary warnings!¡±
   ¡°Sophie is a leader,¡± Bronte called back.
   ¡°Yes, and what an impressive team you¡¯ve made her a leader of,¡±
King Enki scoffed. ¡°Three children, and one who could hardly be
called an adult. All still too afraid¡ªor ignorant¡ªto realize they could
be standing.¡±
   ¡°We¡¯re not afraid!¡± Biana shouted back, and Sophie tried not to
flinch¡ªor panic that the outburst would land Biana in a dwarven
prison. ¡°And we¡¯re not ignorant, either,¡± Biana added. ¡°We¡¯re just¡­
really bad at bowing, apparently.¡±
   King Enki¡¯s lips twitched with what was either a smile or a sneer.
   ¡°Such boldness,¡± he said, turning back to Sophie.
   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   ¡°We may be young,¡± Sophie said quietly¡ªbut not timidly. ¡°But
we¡¯ve lived through more than you would expect. And we¡¯re not here
to criticize. We¡¯re trying to help. The Neverseen¡ª¡±

   ¡°Yes, one of your creators already gave me the whole story
yesterday,¡± King Enki interrupted. ¡°I¡¯ve heard alllllllllllllllllll about
how my people will be the next targets of these villains that you keep
failing to defeat. Just as I¡¯ve heard alllllllllllllllllll of your worries about
Shades and shadowflux and magsidian.¡±

   His gaze shifted to Nubiti on the last word, and Sophie wondered if
that meant he¡¯d realized that Nubiti had found a loophole to defy him.

   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   Sophie¡¯s eyes followed the sound, and she realized his entire throne
was a single carved block of magsidian.
   ¡°Impressive, isn¡¯t it?¡± King Enki asked, trailing his fingers across
the stone. ¡°This is the largest piece we¡¯ve ever found. The ultimate seat
of power.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s beautiful,¡± Sophie murmured.
   And it was.
   The style of the throne was rougher than other ornate chairs usually
used by kings and leaders¡ªbut there was something so elegant about
its raw simplicity. It looked as if the dwarves had tried to cut the
minimum number of facets into the magsidian¡ªas if they wanted
people to know that it was all their king needed.
   Which made Sophie wonder what those cuts and carvings caused
the throne to draw.
   Justice?
   Truth?
   She didn¡¯t ask.
   Instead, she shared what Stina and Wylie had taught her right
before they¡¯d left for Loamnore, when she¡¯d finally had them give her
an update on their conversation with Lady Zillah.
   ¡°Did you know that some believe shadowflux was the first element,

existing long before anything else?¡± she asked.
   ¡°I suppose that theory makes sense. Darkness is the natural state of

things. We have to work to add light.¡±
   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   ¡°You don¡¯t like hearing that, do you?¡± he asked. ¡°Given your

species¡¯ obsession with anything that glows.¡±
   Sophie shrugged, hoping the gesture wasn¡¯t too casual. ¡°Personally,

I¡¯ve always been a fan of both. I think light and darkness each have
their place, and the trick is to keep the right balance.¡±

   He tilted his head.
   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   ¡°Was there a point to that piece of trivia you just shared?¡± he asked.
   ¡°I¡¯m getting there,¡± Sophie promised, daring a glance behind her.
   The lighting was too dim for her to read Stina¡¯s and Wylie¡¯s
expressions. But they weren¡¯t waving their arms trying to get her to
stop, either.
   So she told King Enki, ¡°Some people also believe that since
shadowflux was first, its influence can be felt in everything. Which
would make it the most powerful of all the elements¡ªand a power that
strong can never truly be contained, even when we think it has been.¡±
   She gestured toward his magsidian throne.
   ¡°What are you implying?¡± King Enki asked.
   ¡°I don¡¯t know,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°Everything about shadowflux
feels so abstract to me. All I know for certain is that it¡¯s brutal. And
unlike anything I¡¯ve experienced. And it changes everything it
touches.¡±
   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   ¡°The Black Swan essentially told me the same thing yesterday. But
I¡¯m still failing to see what the information has to do with my people. I
do not fear a few rebel elves¡ªor a few traitors from my own kind. Our
security is stronger than it¡¯s ever been.¡±

   ¡°I hope you¡¯re right,¡± Sophie told him. ¡°But isn¡¯t it safer to double-
check?¡±

   ¡°The Black Swan did check. I allowed them to search for an entire
hour.¡±

   ¡°Okay¡­ then triple-checking won¡¯t hurt either, will it?¡± Sophie
pressed. ¡°I wish Mr. Forkle¡ª¡±

   ¡°It wasn¡¯t him,¡± King Enki interrupted again, leaning closer to sniff
the air between them. ¡°You really didn¡¯t know about yesterday¡¯s
meeting, did you?¡±

   Sophie shook her head. ¡°Who did you meet with?¡±
   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   She thought he wasn¡¯t going to answer. But eventually he said, ¡°The
rocky one.¡±
   ¡°Granite?¡± she clarified.
   King Enki nodded. ¡°He¡¯s often our point of contact. But go on. You
were saying something you wished about the Black Swan.¡±
   She had been, but she¡¯d lost her train of thought, trying to figure out
why Tiergan would¡¯ve gone to Loamnore without telling her¡ªor
Wylie.
   ¡°Right,¡± she said, trying to focus. ¡°I was just going to say that¡­ I
wish the Black Swan had let us know that they¡¯d be meeting with you.
They¡¯re good at keeping secrets¡ªwhich you probably know after so
many years of working with them.¡±
   King Enki had often sided with the Black Swan over the Council.
   ¡°And I¡¯m sorry if you feel like we¡¯re wasting your time, or doubting
your power or your security,¡± Sophie added. ¡°I hope Loamnore isn¡¯t a
target¡ªand if it is, I hope the Neverseen end up writhing and sobbing
in the King¡¯s Path from their hallucinations. Feel free to leave them in
there if that happens.¡±

   That earned her a twitchy partial smile from the king.
   ¡°But I¡¯ve watched the Neverseen win over and over and over,¡± she
added quietly. ¡°And they generally strike the places we feel the safest.
You were there when Lumenaria fell¡ªand you¡¯ve helped us rebuild
our other fallen cities. Would you have ever imagined that kind of
destruction would happen?¡±
   Tickety tap. Tickety tap. Tickety tap.
   ¡°Fine,¡± he told her after what might¡¯ve been an eternity. ¡°Make your
unnecessary searches. Nubiti will take you around, answer any
questions you have. But I want a report before you leave. And if you
find nothing, this is the last I want to hear of this,¡± he added, shifting
his focus to Bronte.
   ¡°Thank you,¡± Sophie told him, wishing her legs weren¡¯t so shaky as
she dipped a full curtsy.
   And she could tell that Grady wanted to hug her when she stumbled
back to her group¡ªand she wanted to bury herself in his arms¡ªbut
they both had to settle for a pat on the shoulder and a ¡°good job.¡±
   ¡°That sounded fun,¡± Dex mumbled.
   ¡°Not now,¡± Nubiti told him. ¡°He can still change his mind, and I
want to show you where the other security adjustments occurred.¡±
   ¡°Wait!¡± Biana said as Nubiti stomped her foot and revealed a new
tunnel for them to take. ¡°Aren¡¯t we going to search in here?¡±
   ¡°In the Grand Hall?¡± Nubiti shook her head. ¡°That would be
unnecessary.¡±
   ¡°But we¡¯re here,¡± Biana argued. ¡°And it was a pretty horrible
journey. And we know the security has been altered¡ª¡±
   ¡°It hasn¡¯t actually,¡± Nubiti interrupted. ¡°There¡¯s nothing to alter in
this room. The Grand Hall is defended by the King¡¯s Path and the royal
brigade¡ªour strongest warriors, who remain ready to strike whenever
necessary.¡± She pointed to the ground, and Sophie tried not to imagine
an army of dwarves bursting out of the sand¡ªit was a bit too close to
her hallucinations.

   ¡°I still think we should look around before we go,¡± Biana insisted.
   ¡°I agree,¡± Dex jumped in. ¡°Just in case there¡¯s something we¡¯re
missing¡ªespecially since I¡¯m pretty sure none of us want to have to
come back here ever again.¡±
   Everyone seemed to turn a shade of green.
   ¡°I don¡¯t see how a quick look could hurt,¡± Grady told Nubiti.
¡°Especially since King Enki said we could search anywhere.¡±
   Nubiti heaved out a sigh. ¡°Do what you must. But be quick. And
quiet. And do not go near the throne. I¡¯ll explain to King Enki what¡¯s
happening so he does not call for his guards¡ªand if he tells us to
leave, we will leave, understood?¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll go with you,¡± Bronte offered. ¡°I need to have a few words with
the king anyway.¡±
   Nubiti didn¡¯t look thrilled with that information, but she motioned
for Bronte to join her as she made her way over to the throne.
   ¡°Let¡¯s split up,¡± Sophie told her friends. ¡°Dex, you and Biana start
over there¡±¡ªshe pointed to the farthest part of the room¡ª¡°and, Stina,
you stay with Grady and start here, in the doorway. Wylie and I will
take the middle.¡±
   Shockingly no one argued¡ªor made any jokes about Lady Fos-Boss
¡ªas they set to work searching the walls and floor.
   If only Sophie had any idea what they should be looking for.
   ¡°Did you know Tiergan met with King Enki yesterday?¡± she
whispered to Wylie.
   ¡°No¡ªand you can bet I¡¯ll be calling him on it,¡± Wylie assured her.
He glanced over his shoulder to where Bronte and King Enki had
moved to a spot of shadowy quiet for some sort of intense whispered
conversation. ¡°I thought we were about to get kicked out of here.¡±

   ¡°So did I,¡± Sophie admitted, tracing her hand along one of the swirly
gold carvings, which curled around a glittering black stone. ¡°Is this
magsidian?¡±

   ¡°No,¡± Nubiti said behind her, making her jump. ¡°That is onyx, for
decoration. The only magsidian in this room is the throne.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯re sure?¡± Sophie craned her neck to better see the abundance
of black stones inlaid into the walls.

   ¡°All onyx,¡± Nubiti insisted. ¡°Magsidian would hinder the pull of the
throne.¡±

   ¡°Still seems smart to make sure,¡± Wylie decided. ¡°I mean, we¡¯re
here, right?¡±

   He snapped his fingers and a tiny sphere of pale white light hovered
over his palm.

   ¡°Your light tricks have no place in our world!¡± King Enki shouted
over to him.

   ¡°This will only take a second,¡± Wylie called back before turning to
Nubiti. ¡°Onyx will shimmer when the light hits it. Magsidian will do¡­
who knows?¡±

   Nubiti sighed. ¡°You¡¯re wasting your time.¡±
   ¡°Maybe,¡± Wylie agreed. ¡°I guess we¡¯ll find out.¡±
   And for all of her stubbornness, Nubiti looked mildly curious as
Wylie flicked his wrist and sent the glowing white sphere to the base
of the wall, guiding it in wide, slow circles around the room and
climbing higher with each rotation.
   Sophie was pretty sure everyone was watching the way he lingered
at each black stone, waiting for the telltale onyx shimmer. And with
each confirmation, Nubiti grew smugger and smugger.
   ¡°I told you, there¡¯s no magsi¡ª¡±
   Her word was drowned out by a crackling buzz as the white sphere

disappeared with a shower of sparks into the stone that Wylie had
been testing.

   ¡°Uh, what was¡ª¡±
   It was all Sophie managed to say before the light blasted back out
like a bolt of white lightning, aimed at a stone directly across the
room, which absorbed the light the same way¡ªcrackling and sparking
before the light blasted toward a third stone that ricocheted it toward
the ceiling, aimed right for¡ª
   ¡°TAKE COVER!¡± Nubiti screamed, dragging Sophie and Wylie to
the floor as the bolt hit the chandelier and made every jar of flame
explode.
               TWENTY-SIX

HOW DO WE STOP THIS?¡±

   That was the first question everyone shouted as the shower of
flames and jagged glass turned into full-fledged blazes¡ªtearing across
the Grand Hall¡¯s floor, fueled by the spilled chandelier oil.

   And there seemed to be no answer¡ªexcept to evacuate immediately
¡ªuntil the fires drew close to King Enki¡¯s throne and¡­

   The flames vanished.
   Sophie had never seen anything like it.
   One second there was choking smoke and searing heat and her
brain was screaming, NOT AGAIN! NOT AGAIN! NOT AGAIN!
   And then¡­
   Nothing.
   Not a spark.
   Or a wisp of smoke.
   Or even a scorch mark to prove the flames had ever been there to
begin with.
   King Enki seemed just as stunned as they were by the development.
He even burned his hand on the magsidian while he inspected his
throne¡ªwhich also miraculously turned out to be the largest injury
anybody suffered that day.
   Everything else was just cuts and scrapes from the broken glass and
tiny blisters from the splattered oil.
   And other than the shattered chandelier, the Grand Hall showed
little sign of actual damage¡ªthough Sophie wondered if they¡¯d find
more once the room had better lighting again.
   King Enki was understandably reluctant to bring in any more jars of

flickering orange flames until he had a better understanding of what
had actually happened to the chandelier. So the only illumination came
from Sophie¡¯s and her team¡¯s glowing circlets.

   Nubiti even had to borrow Sophie¡¯s crown when she crawled up the
wall to inspect the stones that Wylie had accidentally triggered. And
she was able to confirm that the stones definitely were hidden pieces of
magsidian¡ªcut with a pattern of facets she¡¯d never seen before.

   But there was no way to tell how long the magsidian had been there.
   The stones could¡¯ve been part of some elaborate sabotage planned
by the dwarves who¡¯d defected to the Neverseen.
   Or, as King Enki immediately reminded them, the stones could just
as easily have been a long-forgotten defense from the days of an
ancient king.
   Or anything in between.
   All they knew for certain at the moment was: The stones weren¡¯t
going anywhere.
   Nubiti tried to pry them out¡ªfirst with her claws, and then with a
special tool¡ªand nothing would loosen them. So she¡¯d had to settle for
covering the stones with a cementlike paste to keep any light away.
   Which brought Sophie¡¯s group to the much trickier part of the
conversation: the part where King Enki took back his offer to let them
search other places in Loamnore, convinced their strange elf-y tricks
would trigger more unexpected disasters.
   Nothing would change his mind.
   They tried promising not to use their abilities¡ªor their skills. Not
that King Enki understood the difference.
   Tried pointing out that if they didn¡¯t find the problem first¡ªand
the Neverseen were behind it¡ªthey¡¯d now seen exactly how easily their
enemies could cause serious damage to Loamnore.
   But the best they managed was persuading King Enki to let Nubiti

conduct her own investigation without them¡ªwhich wasn¡¯t a horrible
compromise. But it meant Nubiti would need to take at least a few
days away from her duties as Sophie¡¯s bodyguard.

   Probably longer.
   ¡°Take as long as you need,¡± Sophie told her as Nubiti handed back
her circlet. ¡°This is so much more important.¡± She debated a second
before she added under her breath, ¡°I don¡¯t think those stones are from
the past.¡±
   Nubiti looked somehow smaller as she whispered, ¡°I¡­ don¡¯t either. I
did not want to argue with my king. But¡­ the facets carved into the
magsidian were so sharp and precise that they had to be cut with
modern tools.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s insides tangled up tighter than her old human earbuds.
¡°Keep me posted?¡± she asked. ¡°And let me know if there¡¯s any way we
can help?¡±
   Nubiti nodded, grabbing Sophie¡¯s arm before Sophie turned to
rejoin her friends. ¡°You know what I can¡¯t stop wondering?¡± Nubiti
asked, stepping closer so only Sophie would hear. ¡°We saw how those
stones react to light¡ªbut how will they respond to shadows?¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ve been wondering the same thing,¡± Sophie admitted. And
Nubiti¡¯s raw honesty made Sophie lean in to share her own equally
bone-chilling question. ¡°But you know what really scares me?¡± she
whispered directly into Nubiti¡¯s ear. ¡°If the security on the King¡¯s Path
relies on darkness to keep King Enki safe from intruders, what
happens if the intruders have a Shade?¡±

¡°Three bodyguards is fine,¡± Sophie told Sandor as he paced back and
forth across Havenfield¡¯s living room.
   ¡°Right now it¡¯s only two,¡± he reminded her. ¡°I¡¯m still figuring out
other arrangements for Linh.¡±

   ¡°Then two is fine,¡± Sophie insisted, glad to know that Linh still had
Bo protecting her. ¡°Honestly, sometimes one feels like too many.¡±

   She¡¯d hoped Sandor would smile at the tease. But there was no
lightening the goblin warrior¡¯s scowl¡ªnot after Sophie¡¯s group had
used a special magsidian pendant to leap back to where he¡¯d been
standing guard in the oasis and told him about the horrifying
hallucinations and the almost-inferno and how Nubiti had stayed
behind to conduct the search that they were no longer allowed to do.

   Then they¡¯d leaped back to Havenfield, and Bronte and Grady had
gotten on their Imparters while Sandor had stalked off to get Flori, and
within about five minutes the downstairs main room had become very
full.

   Everyone who¡¯d gone to Loamnore was still there.
   Plus Edaline, Sandor, and Flori.
   And the entire rest of the Council.
   And Elwin¡ªwho was hard at work treating all their cuts and burns
with various ointments and poultices.
   The only person noticeably missing was Mr. Forkle.
   Given the Black Swan¡¯s secret meeting with King Enki the day
before, Bronte and Grady had decided not to include him¡ªor any
members of the Collective¡ªin their current conversation, which had
started out as a long, brutal accounting of everything that had
happened in Loamnore, followed by lots of panicked speculation, and
had now somehow dissolved into another round of ¡°How do we protect
Sophie?¡±
   But for once Sophie wasn¡¯t bothered by their overprotection.
   In a way, she was going to need it.
   The whole journey back to Havenfield, her mind kept replaying the
question they¡¯d shouted as the fire had erupted around them.

   How do we stop this?
   Seemed like a fitting way to sum up their current Neverseen
situation.
   And sadly, she had no idea.
   But Sophie did know that if it hadn¡¯t been for Stina¡¯s well-timed slap
on the King¡¯s Path, Sophie would¡¯ve sabotaged their mission in
Loamnore, which would¡¯ve meant they¡¯d never have discovered those
magsidian pieces¡ªnot to mention the fact that she would¡¯ve caused
everyone excruciating pain while they were already struggling with
horrific hallucinations.
   If she¡¯d needed proof that her inflicting was a problem¡ªthat was it.
   Especially since Bronte hadn¡¯t come close to raging out on
everybody.
   She wasn¡¯t just malfunctioning.
   She was becoming a liability.
   And given what they were up against, they needed all the power
they could get.
   A knock at the front door interrupted her thoughts, and Sophie gave
herself a quick eyelash tug as Grady asked, ¡°Who could that be?¡±
   Sophie already knew.
   She¡¯d hailed the wheezy, wrinkled figure who shuffled into the
room, looking particularly uncomfortable¡ªbut whether his discomfort
was from the bloating caused by the ruckleberries, or from the glares
everyone was giving him, was anybody¡¯s guess.
   ¡°I thought we¡¯d agreed to keep the Black Swan out of this
conversation,¡± Bronte grumbled, scanning each face like he was
searching for a culprit.
   ¡°We did,¡± Sophie said, proud of how steadily she stood. ¡°I invited
him for a different reason.¡±

   Her eyes locked with Mr. Forkle¡¯s as she added, ¡°I¡¯m ready to let
you reset my abilities.¡±
             TWENTY-SEVEN

SOPHIE HAD PLANNED AHEAD FOR all of the What?, Why?, and How?

questions she knew she¡¯d be getting after she dropped the ¡°ability
resetting¡± bombshell on everybody¡ªbut she wasn¡¯t prepared for how
quickly the conversation shifted to a simple, ¡°Okay.¡±

   ¡°Okay,¡± she said, echoing everyone as she studied the abundance of
faces staring back at her. Twenty-two, to be exact, between friends,
family, bodyguards, and Councillors¡ªwhich made their speedy,
unanimous agreement all the more unprecedented. ¡°Does that mean
you¡¯re not going to try to talk me out of this?¡±

   ¡°We can if it¡¯ll work,¡± Grady offered, earning himself an elbow to
the ribs from Edaline.

   ¡°What your consistently overprotective father meant to say,¡±
Edaline corrected, ¡°is that you¡¯ve obviously put a lot of thought into
this decision¡ªand it¡¯s also something you¡¯ve experienced before, and
that means you understand better than any of us exactly how
dangerous and painful it¡¯s going to be. And if you¡¯ve decided that it¡¯s
worth the risk, you must have good reasons. So¡­ we trust your
judgment.¡±

   ¡°Even if we¡¯re not happy about it,¡± Grady added under his breath
¡ªand Sandor, Dex, Biana, and Wylie snorted their agreement.

   ¡°Well¡­,¡± Sophie said, still struggling to process this unexpected
cooperation. ¡°Thanks.¡±

   And amazingly enough, that seemed to settle it.
   No arguing.
   No drama.
   It was almost too easy¡ªwhich made Sophie worry that there was
some sort of trick or loophole she was missing.
   ¡°Are you doing this now?¡± Edaline asked Mr. Forkle, sounding
much calmer than Sophie would¡¯ve expected¡ªthough Edaline did also
seem to be wringing her hands pretty tightly.
   ¡°Yes, if Miss Foster is truly ready,¡± he agreed. And there was a
challenge in the way he raised his eyebrows at Sophie¡ªas if he was
reminding her that her stubborn demand for information had been the
reason they hadn¡¯t reset her abilities already, and that technically
nothing on that front had changed.
   ¡°I need to fix myself,¡± she told him, holding his stare. ¡°That¡¯s my
number one priority. So yeah¡ªI¡¯m ready. We¡¯ll figure the rest out
later.¡±
   She added an eyebrow raise of her own with the final words¡ªher
way of challenging him back. Letting him know, We¡¯re not done here¡ª
but this is more important.
   Then she made her way over to his side, hoping no one noticed the
way her knees shook with every step. ¡°Do we need to head to the
Healing Center, or¡­?¡±
   ¡°Your room here should work fine,¡± Mr. Forkle told her. ¡°It¡¯s
probably best for you to be somewhere you¡¯re relaxed and comfortable.
I¡¯ll hail Livvy and have her bring over the supplies.¡±
   ¡°That better not mean you¡¯re thinking of doing this without me,¡±
Elwin warned, stepping in front of Mr. Forkle¡ªwhich would¡¯ve been a
lot more intimidating if Elwin¡¯s tunic wasn¡¯t covered in pink fluffy
dinosaurs.
   ¡°Quite the contrary,¡± Mr. Forkle assured him, taking out his
Imparter and tapping the silver screen. ¡°I¡¯d been planning on having
you around as backup¡ª¡±
   ¡°Backup,¡± Elwin scoffed, raking his fingers through his messy hair.
   ¡°I assure you, that¡¯s not an insult,¡± Mr. Forkle promised. ¡°Livvy¡¯s
been researching and perfecting the treatment we¡¯re about to use for
the last several months, so naturally she¡¯ll take the lead. But she¡¯ll need
you at her side the whole way through. That¡¯s why I¡¯m glad you¡¯re
already here and on board with the ability reset. Saves me both an
errand and a lengthy discussion. And if¡­¡± His voice trailed off as he
turned back to the larger group. ¡°Actually, that reminds me. Did I hear
correctly that all of you chose to exclude me from whatever meeting I¡¯m
interrupting?¡±
   Councillor Emery crossed his arms. ¡°We chose to keep any members
of the Black Swan out of the discussion.¡±
   Mr. Forkle¡¯s frown deepened. ¡°I thought we were past these kinds
of squabbles.¡±
   ¡°Squabbles?¡± Bronte repeated. ¡°Is that your way of trying to
trivialize our concerns? As if we couldn¡¯t possibly have a valid
complaint against your order?¡±
   ¡°No, it¡¯s my way of reminding you that you can come to me, or
anyone else in the Collective, and raise your complaints anytime, and
we¡¯ll do our best to address them¡ªthe way responsible adults do when
they want to resolve an issue,¡± Mr. Forkle corrected. ¡°Holding secret
meetings is childish.¡±
   ¡°Funny you should say that,¡± Bronte noted, ¡°considering we¡¯re
gathered here to discuss the problems caused by Granite¡¯s secret
meeting with King Enki yesterday.¡±
   Mr. Forkle straightened.
   ¡°Ah, so you thought we weren¡¯t aware of your subterfuge?¡±
Councillor Emery asked.
   ¡°There was no subterfuge,¡± Mr. Forkle insisted. ¡°We¡¯ve made it
abundantly clear that our current focus is on the dwarves, and that
we¡¯d be arranging a meeting with King Enki as soon as possible.¡±
   ¡°And yet you didn¡¯t bother to tell us that you had a meeting actually

scheduled,¡± Bronte argued, ¡°which nearly derailed our visit. King Enki
accused us of wasting his time and of misrepresenting our working
relationship with the Black Swan, since you clearly weren¡¯t keeping us
informed. He seemed ready to cast us out of Loamnore, and the only
reason he didn¡¯t was because Miss Foster managed to calm him
down.¡±

   For what it was worth, Mr. Forkle did look sufficiently chagrined.
¡°Well. I suppose it might¡¯ve been wise if we¡¯d better coordinated our
investigations.¡±

   ¡°Yes, it would,¡± Councillor Emery agreed. ¡°And it should be noted
that we¡¯ve made every effort to be forthright¡ª¡±

   ¡°Every effort,¡± Mr. Forkle interrupted. ¡°Strange. I don¡¯t remember
you informing us ahead of time that you¡¯d be appointing several of our
members as Regents¡ªincluding Miss Foster.¡±

   ¡°You didn¡¯t know about that?¡± Sophie asked, not sure what to feel
when he shook his head.

   She¡¯d assumed the Black Swan was fully aware that the Council was
offering her the title, since the Council appointed her right after she¡¯d
met with Mr. Forkle in his office¡ªand her first assignment overlapped
with things that the two of them had discussed. Plus, Tiergan was with
them in the Seat of Eminence when they¡¯d agreed to become Team
Valiant.

   But¡­ now that she thought about it, no one had actually said the
Black Swan knew she was becoming a Regent. And Tiergan had been
confused about why he and Wylie had received a vague summons to be
there.

   All of which begged a different question¡ªone Sophie probably
should¡¯ve thought to ask when Mr. Forkle admitted a few days earlier
that the Black Swan had never anticipated her appointment to the
nobility.

   ¡°Do you not want us to be Regents?¡± she asked.
   Mr. Forkle dragged a hand down his face. ¡°I have no problem with
any of you having the title, nor with you allying yourself with the
Council. But¡­ it does complicate things. Particularly since delegating
assignments to you and your friends has never been easy for those of
us in the Collective¡ªand I realize that may be hard to believe given
the way we¡¯ve been dragging you into our plans from your earliest days
in the Lost Cities. But¡­ the fact that you were always frustrated by
how few and far between our notes were should prove how methodical
we try to be¡ªhow thoroughly we explore all of the options before we
choose to involve you. And the Council isn¡¯t nearly so meticulous¡ª
which isn¡¯t meant to be a criticism,¡± he added when several
Councillors made derisive noises. ¡°It¡¯s simply a different method of
operating. The twelve of you¡ªas well as your many predecessors¡ª
have been handing off assignments to Regents and Emissaries for
millennia. It¡¯s second nature to you. And I understand why¡ªit¡¯s the
only way a world as complex as ours can properly function. But the
Black Swan has had to operate in the shadows for most of our
existence, and our goal has always been to involve as few as possible to
avoid detection¡ªplus, we¡¯re well aware of the danger involved with
our assignments and prefer to keep the risks to ourselves. So when I
told you about meeting with King Enki, Miss Foster, it was with the
assumption that the meeting would be arranged the way we always
arrange anything we¡¯re involving you in¡ªwith someone in our order
handling all the preliminary investigations and addressing as many
potential pitfalls as possible before we ever brought you and your
friends to Loamnore. And while I knew the Council worked at a
different pace, it didn¡¯t occur to me that they might arrange a meeting
with King Enki this fast, since your appointment¡ªand the existence of
your team¡ªhas yet to be announced.¡±

   ¡°The public¡¯s lack of knowledge of Team Valiant is no reason for us
to hold off utilizing the arrangement,¡± Councillor Emery informed
him. ¡°Particularly with a sensitive meeting like this, which would¡¯ve
been kept classified anyway. But¡­ I can see how you might¡¯ve thought
otherwise. Especially since I¡¯m now realizing that we didn¡¯t mention
the date or time of our meeting with King Enki to you. I suppose we
assumed Miss Foster would pass that information along.¡±

   Which¡­ Sophie probably would have, if she hadn¡¯t been fighting
with Mr. Forkle about her biological parents.¡­

   Yet another way her selfish focus was coming back to haunt her.
   ¡°In the interests of improving our communication,¡± Councillor
Emery added, ¡°you should know that we¡¯re planning to announce the
Regent appointments next week. We¡¯re still figuring out the exact
date, time, and place. If you¡¯d like an update once we¡¯ve decided¡ª¡±
   ¡°I would,¡± Mr. Forkle told him. ¡°And¡­ for what it¡¯s worth, I do
apologize for not informing you about Granite¡¯s meeting with King
Enki¡ªand I¡¯m glad to hear that Miss Foster was able to salvage the
situation.¡± He turned to Sophie, and she was a little surprised by the
level of pride radiating from his expression¡ªlike a dad whose kid had
just hit a game-winning home run. ¡°Does this mean you¡¯ll be willing to
share what you learned while you were in Loamnore?¡±
   ¡°If you¡¯ll be willing to share what Granite learned with us,¡± Bronte
countered.
   ¡°But not right now,¡± Sophie cut in when everyone nodded.
   Mr. Forkle sighed. ¡°Yes, I suppose I¡¯ve sidetracked us from the
reason you called me here, haven¡¯t I? All right then¡ªwhy don¡¯t you go
get settled into bed while I hail Livvy and let her know what¡¯s going
on. I¡¯d also still like to have Mr. Vacker and Mr. Sencen here¡ªso long
as that won¡¯t make you uncomfortable.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s mouth turned drier than the desert they¡¯d hiked through
earlier.

   But she croaked out, ¡°Of course it won¡¯t!¡±¡ªeven though she was
pretty sure that seeing Fitz wasn¡¯t going to go well.

   Then again¡­ he couldn¡¯t stay mad at her when she was about to
come super close to dying again, could he?

   Maybe she¡¯d finally found a perk to her allergy!
   ¡°I can hail my brother if you want,¡± Biana offered.
   ¡°And I can hail Keefe,¡± Dex added.
   ¡°Excellent,¡± Mr. Forkle told them, clapping his hands as he turned
to the Council. ¡°I¡¯m assuming you¡¯re planning to stay for this?¡±
   ¡°You are?¡± Sophie blurted out when Councillor Emery agreed.
   She hadn¡¯t realized she¡¯d be almost dying in front of such a huge
audience.
   ¡°We want to make sure you¡¯re okay,¡± Oralie told her, sounding so
genuine that it melted a bit of Sophie¡¯s panic.
   Or it did until Bronte added, ¡°And let¡¯s be honest, we¡¯re all curious
to see how this works¡ªmyself in particular, given that the ability
being focused on is one that Miss Foster and I share.¡±
   ¡°If you¡¯d rather have privacy, Sophie,¡± Edaline jumped in, sending
an angry-mama-bear glare at Bronte, ¡°I¡¯m sure the Councillors will
understand.¡±
   ¡°No, it¡¯s fine,¡± Sophie decided.
   Given the lengthy discussion that Mr. Forkle and the Council had
just had about working together, it didn¡¯t seem like a good idea to shut
the Councillors out.
   And who knew? Maybe they¡¯d appreciate her a little more after they
saw for themselves the kinds of things she put herself through in order
to be useful.
   ¡°Just keep in mind,¡± Dex warned the Council, ¡°that if this goes

anything like the time I accidentally gave her limbium, there¡¯s going to
be a lot of Sophie-vomit. So if that¡¯s going to trigger a hurlfest for you
guys, this could get really messy really fast.¡±

   ¡°Actually, I think I have an elixir that will help with that,¡± Elwin
told him. ¡°I¡¯ll grab some when I go back for Bullhorn.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯re bringing your banshee here?¡± Grady asked.
   Elwin nodded. ¡°The last time I worked on Sophie¡¯s allergy, he was
the only way I knew if something was or wasn¡¯t helping.¡±
   Right.
   Because banshees could tell when someone was either close to
dying¡ªor really, really, really close to dying.
   ¡°Gotta say, it¡¯s not sounding like a whole lot of fun to be the
moonlark right now,¡± Stina mumbled. ¡°And it¡¯s not feeling very
awesome, either.¡±
   She fanned the air in front of her face the way Keefe always did.
   ¡°Wait. You can feel my emotions right now?¡± Sophie asked.
¡°Without physical contact?¡±
   ¡°Some of them, yeah.¡± Stina wrapped her arms around her stomach.
¡°And it¡¯s a pretty miserable experience, so I think it might be proof
that hanging out with you is ruining my life.¡±
   She said the last part in a friendly, teasing tone that Sophie never
would¡¯ve expected to hear coming from Stina.
   And Sophie had zero words for a response.
   ¡°Most likely you¡¯re benefitting from the residual boost that comes
from being around an Enhancer,¡± Mr. Forkle explained. ¡°It¡¯s a subtle
effect¡ªnothing like grabbing hold of Sophie¡¯s hands. But it can still
cause small improvements to the abilities of everyone around her.¡±
   ¡°Huh,¡± Stina said¡ªwhich summed up Sophie¡¯s thought on the
subject as well.

   She remembered Mr. Forkle mentioning something about that
when he first triggered her enhancing, but then she¡¯d been so busy
getting used to the gloves that she¡¯d kind of forgotten about it¡ª
especially since none of her friends had noticed a difference.

   She wondered why Stina had.¡­
   ¡°Come on,¡± Edaline said, crossing the room and draping an arm
around Sophie¡¯s shoulders. ¡°Let¡¯s get you settled into bed.¡±
   Sophie nodded, letting Edaline lead her up the stairs. But halfway to
her room she changed her mind.
   ¡°I think we should do this under Calla¡¯s Panakes tree,¡± Sophie
decided. ¡°I feel much calmer out there. And it¡¯s probably not a bad
idea to be so close to all of those healing flowers.¡±
   Plus, Calla had been a part of Project Moonlark¡ªand even though
Sophie knew Calla¡¯s consciousness was technically gone, the thought of
being surrounded by the Panakes¡¯ whispery songs while the limbium
burned through her system made the whole process sound a little less
awful.
   ¡°I think that¡¯s a great idea,¡± Edaline said, snapping her fingers a few
times. ¡°I just sent blankets and pillows out there¡ªI¡¯ll get you set up.
Why don¡¯t you go change into fresh clothes while I do? Pick
something extra soft and cozy for when you¡¯re¡­¡±
   She looked away, and Sophie pulled her into a hug.
   ¡°I¡¯m going to be okay,¡± Sophie promised.
   ¡°I know.¡± Edaline squeezed Sophie tighter. ¡°But I¡¯m still going to
worry. It¡¯s my job as a mom¡ªand I¡¯m very good at it.¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re good at all of the mom things,¡± Sophie assured her, and
Edaline found a way to hug her even harder.
   They stood like that for a while, neither wanting to let go.
   ¡°All right, I¡¯ve smothered you enough,¡± Edaline eventually said,
swiping at her eyes as she stepped back. ¡°You go get changed. I¡¯ll set
you up the most comfortable pillow-bed ever.¡±

   Sophie grabbed Edaline¡¯s hand as she turned to walk away. ¡°I really
am going to be okay, Mom.¡±

   ¡°You are,¡± Edaline agreed. And it actually did sound like she
believed it. ¡°You¡¯re my brave, brilliant, beautiful fighter.¡±

   Now Sophie had to look away and wipe at her eyes. ¡°I love you.¡±
   Edaline leaned in and kissed her cheek. ¡°I love you, too. So go get
dressed. The sooner we do this, the sooner you¡¯ll be able to get some
rest. You¡¯ve had a long day.¡±
   She had.
   And Sophie didn¡¯t say it, but she had a sour, sinking feeling that she
still had a very long night ahead of her.

Sophie took Edaline¡¯s advice and wore her softest pair of leggings. But
for a shirt, she went with the pink Happy Shadow Thoughts tunic that
Linh had made for her when Sophie was recovering from the
Neverseen¡¯s attack in the Healing Center.

   Sophie hadn¡¯t touched the shirt since Tam was taken, because it
brought up too many conflicting feelings.

   But¡­ it felt like a good time to remind herself why she was doing
this.

   If her inflicting could work the way it was supposed to, maybe the
Neverseen wouldn¡¯t be able to hurt her again.

   And maybe she¡¯d be strong enough to get Tam safely away from
their enemy.

   Assuming he even wanted her to¡ª
   No.
   Sophie shut down the unfair worry.
   She wasn¡¯t going to doubt Tam like that.
   She was going to focus on happy shadow thoughts.
   And on fixing herself.
   The Councillors and Mr. Forkle were grilling Wylie about what
happened with the orb of light he¡¯d made in Loamnore when Sophie
made her way back downstairs¡ªand part of her wanted to stay and
listen. But she knew she didn¡¯t have the mental energy for that kind of
conversation. She¡¯d have to trust them to update her on anything
they¡¯d pieced together once she¡¯d recovered from the ability resetting.
For the moment, she needed to clear her head.
   Edaline wasn¡¯t waiting for her at Calla¡¯s Panakes tree when Sophie
made her way over. But Stina was.
   ¡°That¡¯s an interesting outfit you have on there, Foster,¡± she called
over her shoulder, adding another blanket to the pillow-mountain she
was constructing.
   ¡°No, it¡¯s an awesome outfit,¡± Biana corrected, appearing out of thin
air beside Sophie and nearly making Sophie pee her pants.
   Vanishers.
   Biana tossed another pillow onto the pile. ¡°I really need to get one
of those tunics, for when¡­¡±
   She didn¡¯t finish the sentence¡ªand Sophie wondered if that meant
Biana shared some of her worries about Tam.
   ¡°Where¡¯s Edaline?¡± Sophie asked instead, scanning the nearby
pastures and hoping Wynn and Luna weren¡¯t anywhere near the
gorgodon¡¯s enclosure.
   ¡°She¡¯s working with Dex to figure out how to keep Bullhorn
confined to this area,¡± Biana told her as she scooped up another pillow.
   ¡°Wow, this is turning into a huge fiasco, huh?¡± Sophie mumbled¡ª
then blocked Biana from adding the pillow to the pile.
   If they made her bed-mountain any taller, she was going to need
crampons and rope to climb in.

   ¡°Well¡­ I mean¡­ it¡¯s kind of a big deal,¡± Biana reminded her. ¡°You
sure you¡¯re up for it after the day you¡¯ve been having? First the King¡¯s
Path. Then the exploding chandelier. Now this.¡±

   ¡°Don¡¯t forget the mud,¡± Stina added. ¡°And the sandblasted hike.¡±
   Sophie shrugged. ¡°There¡¯s never a good time to almost die.¡±
   ¡°Okay, someone needs to get that embroidered on a tunic for our
Mysterious Lady F immediately!¡± Keefe called out behind her, and
when Sophie spun around, she found him striding up the path along
with Ro.
   His eyes darted to the sparkly silver letters shimmering across her
tunic, and she could tell he wanted to make some sort of snarky
comment.
   But he held off, as if he didn¡¯t feel right making any Tam-Slams at
the moment.
   Instead, he turned to Biana and said, ¡°Did I hear something about
an exploding chandelier¡ªbecause that¡¯s a story I need to hear.¡±
   ¡°Uh, yeah!¡± Ro added.
   Biana gave a brief retelling, and Keefe smirked at Sophie. ¡°That
sounds like our Lovely Lady F¡ªcan¡¯t take her anywhere without her
trying to blow something up.¡±
   ¡°Uh, excuse me, the explosion was Wylie¡¯s doing, not mine,¡± Sophie
argued. ¡°And Biana was the one who suggested we search the Grand
Hall.¡±
   ¡°And it¡¯s a good thing I did!¡± Biana noted.
   ¡°It was,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°We¡¯ll have to check in with Nubiti
tomorrow and see if she found anything else.¡±
   ¡°No, we¡¯ll have to check in with Nubiti tomorrow,¡± Biana corrected,
gesturing to herself and Stina. ¡°You will be getting lots of rest.¡±
   Sophie rolled her eyes. ¡°I¡¯ll be fine. I¡¯ve done this before,
remember?¡±

   ¡°Uh, yeah, and as someone who was there the last time you did this
and saw you rocking the whole sweaty, slightly green look, I¡¯m pretty
sure you¡¯re gonna need to chill for a bit, there, Ms. Go-Getter,¡± Keefe
cut in. ¡°Especially since they¡¯re probably not going to let you take any
painkillers for the first twenty-four hours.¡±

   ¡°I forgot about that,¡± Sophie admitted, becoming very interested in
kicking a couple of fallen Panakes blossoms. ¡°Why does almost dying
have to be the worst?¡±

   ¡°Pretty sure the answer¡¯s in the name,¡± Biana said gently.
   ¡°So let¡¯s rename it!¡± Keefe suggested, making his way over to Sophie
and draping his arm across her shoulders. ¡°From now on, any time
there¡¯s a disaster, we¡¯ll say, ¡®Wow, we almost Fostered it!¡¯¡±
   Sophie rolled her eyes.
   ¡°I¡¯m serious,¡± Keefe insisted. ¡°We¡¯ll make it your big claim to
fame!¡±
   ¡°So, when you challenged King Dimitar to a sparring match and he
sliced a huge gash under your ribs¡­,¡± Sophie challenged.
   ¡°I totally Fostered it!¡± Keefe finished without missing a beat. ¡°And
when you projectile vomit all over the Councillors today, you¡¯ll be
Fostering it hardcore¡ª¡±
   ¡°And some of us are super looking forward to that, by the way!¡± Ro
cut in. ¡°I¡¯m just wishing I¡¯d thought to bring snacks.¡±
   ¡°I can¡¯t believe you¡¯re joking about this,¡± a familiar accented voice
snapped behind them, and Keefe dropped his arm and backed away as
Sophie slowly turned around, and¡­
   There was Fitz.
   Or rather, there were Fitz¡¯s shoes¡ªright next to Grizel¡¯s big goblin
feet¡ªbecause that was all that Sophie had the courage to actually look
at for the moment.
   A painful stretch of silence followed.
   Then Fitz¡¯s feet moved closer, and Sophie noticed that Grizel¡¯s feet

stayed where they were and all the other feet around her quietly
shuffled away, leaving her feet and Fitz¡¯s feet alone.

   She held her breath, trying to brace for whatever Fitz was going to
say.

   But he didn¡¯t say anything.
   He just wrapped his arms around her¡ªgently at first.
   Then hugging her so much harder.
   Like he was afraid to let her go¡ªand maybe he was. Because his
voice filled Sophie¡¯s head, his consciousness slipping past all of her
barriers so he could tell her, I know you¡¯re trying to stop yourself from
worrying too much¡ªbut I can¡¯t laugh about this, Sophie. This is serious.
   I know, she told him, digging her head deeper into the nook between
his shoulder and neck and realizing how much she¡¯d missed him¡ªand
how lucky she was that he still wanted to hold her like this after all the
time she¡¯d spent neglecting him. But it¡¯ll be fine. Mr. Forkle said that he
and Livvy have been researching the treatment for a while. And they¡¯re going
to give me way less limbium than they gave me the last time.
   I still wish you didn¡¯t have to do this, he told her.
   Me too. But¡­ I can¡¯t keep pretending everything¡¯s fine when one of my
abilities is broken.
   It¡¯s not BROKEN, he argued. Mr. Forkle told me he¡¯s just trying to make
it fancier, the way they designed it to be or whatever.
   That¡¯s part of it¡ªbut¡­ I almost took out everybody in Loamnore today
because the dwarves¡¯ defenses made me get all rage-y. And think of how
many other times I¡¯ve messed everything up with my inflicting. Like that day
at Grizel¡¯s training camp¡ªif I hadn¡¯t¡ª
   DON¡¯T, Fitz interrupted. Don¡¯t you dare blame yourself for that¡ªyou
know how strong Umber was. She would¡¯ve taken out Sandor and Grizel if
you hadn¡¯t, and probably hurt them a whole lot worse in the process.

   Maybe, Sophie conceded. But¡­ I still have to do this. The Neverseen
won¡¯t ever expect the ability to change like this¡ªand we can¡¯t pass up a
chance to catch them off guard.

   His chest heaved with a sigh. I know. That¡¯s why I¡¯m here. Whatever
you need¡ªwhatever it takes, I¡¯m getting you through this, okay?

   She nodded against him, and he shifted slightly so he could pull her
even closer, one hand tangling in her hair, the other reaching up to
stroke her cheek.

   ¡°Okay, has everyone reached their Fitzphie overload point?¡± Ro
asked. ¡°Because I sure have. Besides, the doctor-lady¡¯s here, so aren¡¯t
we supposed to get to the vomiting part now?¡±

   ¡°Livvy¡¯s here?¡± Sophie asked, pulling back from Fitz to check.
   And sure enough, there was the Black Swan¡¯s physician, no longer
bothering to wear her mask or use her code name.
   ¡°Hmm,¡± Livvy said, tossing her braided hair and grinning at Sophie
and Fitz. ¡°Looks like a few things have changed since the last time I
saw you two, and I gotta say, you sure make a good-looking couple.¡±
   ¡°We do,¡± Fitz agreed, and Sophie was so relieved that he still
thought of them as a couple that it took her brain a second to register
that he¡¯d also called her pretty¡ªand she probably would¡¯ve melted into
a puddle of mush right then if Fitz hadn¡¯t put his arms around her
again.
   The gesture felt protective this time, and his voice was all sharp
edges as he told Livvy, ¡°If you let anything happen to her¡ª¡±
   ¡°Got it,¡± Livvy interrupted, tossing her braids again, and Sophie
noticed that they glinted with tiny yellow jewels, which matched the
sunny glitter Livvy had brushed across her dark skin. ¡°And you can
ease up on the worry there, Pretty Boy. I¡¯m not going to let anything
bad happen to your sweet girl.¡±

   ¡°Uh, you¡¯re still going to give her something she¡¯s deathly allergic
to, right?¡± Fitz asked.

   Livvy¡¯s smile faded. ¡°Okay, I guess what I should say is that I¡¯m only
going to let some temporary bad stuff happen to your sweet girl¡ªand
then I¡¯m going to fix it all and make her a thousand times better. So
you don¡¯t have to worry, even though I get that you¡¯re all going to. And
while we¡¯re being honest here, I¡¯ll tell you what I just told the
worrying-adult brigade inside: Moments of this definitely aren¡¯t going
to be pretty. So if you don¡¯t want to see that, you might want to
skedaddle.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m staying,¡± Fitz and Keefe said, pretty much simultaneously,
followed by Biana a half second later.

   ¡°What about you?¡± Livvy asked Stina. ¡°You¡¯re new.¡±
   ¡°I am,¡± Stina agreed. And there wasn¡¯t a drop of snottiness in her
voice when she said, ¡°And I¡¯m staying right here.¡±
   Things seemed to speed up after that as the rest of Sophie¡¯s
audience made their way over and Livvy moved everyone into position.
Sophie climbed onto her pillow-and-blanket mountain and tried to
focus on the whispering melodies coming from Calla¡¯s tree as Livvy
put Fitz on Sophie¡¯s left and Keefe on her right, so each boy would be
able to hold one of her hands during the reset¡ªKeefe to monitor her
emotions, and Fitz to keep track of her consciousness. Then Grady,
Edaline, and Mr. Forkle were lined up right behind them, along with
Sandor and Flori, and Flori added her own soft humming to the
Panakes¡¯ melodies as everyone else formed a half-moon curve around
the tree¡ªexcept for Elwin.
   Elwin set Bullhorn on the pillow next to Sophie and moved to
Livvy¡¯s side¡ªand Sophie tried to concentrate on all of the serious
medical stuff they then went over with her. But she didn¡¯t want to see
the needle.

   She knew it was there.
   She¡¯d caught a quick glance of the glass syringe filled with a thick
blue liquid when Livvy handed it to Elwin.
   And she knew it was the treatment that would save her life in the
end.
   But that didn¡¯t stop her mind from thinking, Needle needle needle.
   She tried to distract herself by staring into Bullhorn¡¯s beady purple
eyes, silently begging him not to freak everyone out as much as he had
the last time.
   ¡°I¡¯m going to be fine,¡± she whispered to him.
   Bullhorn snorted.
   And her brain thought, Needle. Needle. Needle.
   ¡°You will be fine,¡± Livvy assured her. ¡°Regardless of what you
choose, okay?¡±
   Sophie nodded¡ªand then her brain caught up to what Livvy had
just said. ¡°What do you mean ¡®regardless of what I choose¡¯?¡±
   ¡°I mean you still have one more decision to make before we get
started.¡± She sat next to Sophie on the pillow-mountain and held out
her hands, which were both curled into fists. ¡°The thing is, as I was
putting together this fix, I realized there were two ways to do it. We
can go small¡±¡ªshe opened her left fist, revealing a tiny milky-white
pill¡ª¡°or we can go big¡±¡ªshe opened her right fist, revealing a larger
pill that was shimmering emerald green. ¡°Either one will trigger a
reaction that will reset your inflicting.¡±
   ¡°So what¡¯s the difference?¡± Sophie asked as Sandor and Grady
already started calling for her to pick the white pill.
   ¡°The difference is, the white pill has a quarter of an ounce of
limbium in it,¡± Livvy explained, ¡°plus some other stuff to target the
inflicting parts of your brain. And the green pill has half an ounce of
limbium, the same stuff to target the inflicting parts of your brain, plus
some stuff that¡¯ll target one other place.¡±

   ¡°Where?¡± Grady demanded before Sophie could ask.
   Livvy chewed her lip. ¡°Her heart.¡±
   Sophie reached for her chest, pressing her fingers against her ribs.
¡°My heart.¡±
   Livvy nodded. ¡°The power for most abilities comes from our brain¡ª
but everything I¡¯ve read on inflicting says it works a little differently.
Your brain switches the ability on, but the real power comes from
here¡±¡ªshe pounded the fist holding the green pill against her chest
¡ª¡°because inflicting¡¯s all about channeling your emotions out into the
world. And the emotions here¡±¡ªshe pounded her chest again¡ª¡°are so
much purer. So if we really want to see how strong your power can be,
we should reset both places¡ªhead and heart. But we also absolutely
don¡¯t have to. I want to be super clear about that. Everything we¡¯re
trying to fix will be covered by this.¡± She held up the white pill. ¡°This
will make it so your brain reins in your emotions the way we designed
it to, and let you channel them in a much more targeted way. This is
absolutely a solution.¡±
   ¡°But the green pill¡¯s better,¡± Sophie pressed.
   ¡°¡®Better¡¯ might not be the right word,¡± Livvy told her, ¡°because it
does up the risks as well¡ªand probably your recovery time too, since
it¡¯s going to stop your heart for a few seconds, and that¡¯ll take a toll.¡±
   Now there were a lot more people calling for her to take the white
pill.
   Including Fitz.
   And it did look so much simpler.
   Small. Bland. Boring.
   The green was so much more vibrant.
   The color of life.
   But also the color the elves wore to their funerals.
   ¡°You think I should take the green pill, don¡¯t you?¡± Sophie asked
Livvy.
   ¡°I think it¡¯s your decision,¡± Livvy corrected.
   ¡°But you made the green pill,¡± Sophie reminded her. ¡°You could¡¯ve
stopped at the white, but you knew you could probably do better so
you kept going, right?¡±
   Livvy sighed. ¡°I¡¯m a scientist, Sophie. I like pushing limits and
solving puzzles. And your genetics are basically a playground for me.
The last reset we did on you was completely mental, so part of me
wants to know what¡¯ll happen if we stray into uncharted territory and
tweak a few other things with your heart. That¡¯s why I made the green
pill. And I¡¯ve done everything in my power to make sure it¡¯s still safe
for you. But ¡®safe¡¯ in this kind of situation leaves room for a lot of pain
¡ªand the potential for side effects. So the white pill really might be
your better option. It¡¯s up to you and how hard you want to fight
through.¡±
   Livvy held out both pills again as Elwin handed Sophie a bottle of
Youth.
   And it sounded like pretty much everybody wanted her to take the
white pill.
   She didn¡¯t hear a single call for green.
   But there were definitely a few voices missing from the shouting.
   Friends who were letting her decide.
   But would probably take the bigger risk.
   And the songs whispering through the air turned to melodies of
boldness and bravery. Of tiny roots finding the strength to crack
through solid stone.
   ¡°Just take the white pill, Sophie,¡± Fitz pleaded. ¡°You¡¯ve risked
enough.¡±

   She had.
   Over and over and over.
   And she was tired of it.
   But the fight wasn¡¯t finished yet.
   And what was the point of fighting if she wasn¡¯t going to put her
whole heart into it?
   ¡°That¡¯s our girl,¡± Keefe said quietly as Sophie snatched the green
pill and gulped it down before she could change her mind. ¡°Knew she
was going to Foster it.¡±
             TWENTY-EIGHT

FIRST THE WORLD TURNED ITCHY.

   Every nerve raw and tingling as a million buzzing things sprang to
life under Sophie¡¯s skin, and she wanted to thrash and claw and scrape
until they could scurry free and skulk away.

   But she was pinned.
   Trapped.
   And then came the pain.
   Time stopped as lightning flashed through her veins, and her blood
caught fire, and a million needles and nails and spikes drilled into her
brain.
   And her heart¡­
   Something was squeezing.
   Crushing.
   Closing off everything.
   She couldn¡¯t breathe.
   Couldn¡¯t think.
   Couldn¡¯t function.
   Everything was stopping, stopping, stopping as her insides twisted
and writhed.
   Resisting.
   Rejecting.
   Her body wanted to heave¡ªwanted to purge¡ªbut something cold
coursed through her, numbing and soothing and sweetening the sour
enough to quell the urge.
   She wished it could ease the other pain, which was swelling with
every strangled breath, hammering with every stalled heartbeat,
tearing with every prickle and squeeze.

   But the agony raged on¡ªharder and harder and harder until
something tore open inside her.

   A new wound she knew would never heal.
   And the darkness she¡¯d been carrying¡ªhiding¡ªcrawled inside.
   Nestled deep.
   Made itself at home.
   It wasn¡¯t a monster anymore.
   It was part of her.
   And with that thought a scream ripped out of her¡ªguttural and
primal.
   Drowning out the other noises¡ªother voices.
   Distant sounds on the edge of everything that were too far away to
actually be something.
   People calling her name.
   Offering promises and pleas.
   None of them mattered.
   Nothing could reach her.
   Even the lulling melodies that slipped under her skin.
   Her brain was too busy telling her, Retreat, retreat, retreat.
   And her heart¡­
   That still wasn¡¯t working.
   And then, something soft and feathery slipped through.
   A cool green breeze.
   Floating and fluttering through her mind.
   Swirling around her heart.
   Keeping everything steady, steady, steady.
   Despite the pain.
   And the panic.
   And the punishment her body was enduring.
   Even the darkness turned sleepy.
   Tucking itself away.
   Hiding for later.
   And Sophie kept drifting, drifting, drifting¡ªletting the verdant
wisps of energy hold her solidly in place, even though everything was
fading, fading, fading.
   Slipping so very far away.
   Too far, maybe?
   She¡ª
   Brutal, stabbing agony knocked her back to reality, and she felt
herself cry out again as the world grew louder and louder.
   Colder and crueler.
   But there was also warmth.
   And strength.
   And air.
   Blissful, beautiful air.
   And with each glorious breath, time ticked slowly back to life.
   Steady as a pulse.
   Following a powerful new rhythm.
   The voices were closer now¡ªsome shouts, some whispers. All
saying the same thing.
   Sleep now, Sophie.
   Don¡¯t fight.
   Give in. Give in. Give in.
   Sweetness coated her tongue as another green breeze drifted in, and
she let her consciousness follow it to a sweet, soft, soothing oblivion.

Awareness returned in stages.
   Pain first.
   Then nightmares.
   And finally, a hazy fragmented reality where Sophie couldn¡¯t fully
tell how much her blurry eyes were seeing and how much was still in
her head.
   ¡°Where am I?¡± she asked, the words sticky and garbled and so much
more exhausting than they should¡¯ve been.
   ¡°In your room.¡±
   A smudgy form leaned over her, and it took Sophie¡¯s brain a second
to morph the colors into the shape that matched the voice. ¡°Mom?¡±
   ¡°Yes,¡± Edaline whispered, leaning in to kiss Sophie¡¯s cheek.
   Sophie blinked hard, willing her vision back into focus as Edaline
pulled away, so she could study Edaline¡¯s expression.
   ¡°Wow, was it that bad?¡± Sophie asked, hating how swollen and
shadowed and red Edaline¡¯s eyes looked.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure it was far worse for you than it¡¯s been for us.¡± Edaline
swiped at the sweaty hair on Sophie¡¯s forehead, but it seemed to be
plastered there. ¡°How much do you remember?¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t know,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°It¡¯s sort of surreal as it¡¯s
happening, so it¡¯s hard for me to connect it to anything physical, if
that makes sense. Plus, my head¡¯s still really foggy.¡±
   Edaline nodded. ¡°That¡¯s probably from the sedative.¡±
   ¡°Sedative?¡± Sophie wanted to jolt out of bed in protest, but it felt like
she had a woolly mammoth standing on her chest¡ªand like maybe
that mammoth had trampled her before it settled down, because she
ached in every bone and muscle and nerve. ¡°Last time I couldn¡¯t take
sedativ¡ª¡±
   ¡°Last time was different,¡± Edaline interrupted. And there was a
noticeable crack in her voice as she added, ¡°Or so I hear, since I wasn¡¯t
there. But last time they didn¡¯t have to do chest compressions until
your heart started beating again.¡±

   ¡°Chest compressions?¡± Sophie knew she needed to stop repeating
things, but¡­ chest compressions didn¡¯t sync with her scattered
memories.

   They did match the pain in her ribs, though.
   ¡°I don¡¯t remember that,¡± Sophie admitted.
   ¡°Well¡­ I guess that¡¯s good.¡±
   Something in Edaline¡¯s tone made Sophie wonder if Edaline wished
she could¡¯ve forgotten that particular moment too.
   But Sophie had other questions¡ªbetter questions. Most important:
¡°Did it work?¡±
   Edaline sighed. ¡°They think so. But we won¡¯t know for sure until
you inflict¡ªand you need to get your strength back before we can try
that. Which might be a slow process. Not as slow as it was with the
echoes, I promise. It¡¯s just that Elwin and Livvy don¡¯t think we should
give you any elixirs right now. That¡¯s why you¡¯re not on any pain
medicine.¡±
   ¡°Then why did they give me a sedative?¡± Sophie wondered.
   ¡°They only gave you a fraction of a dose to keep your pulse steady
while the last of the limbium worked its way out of your system,¡±
Edaline explained. ¡°They were afraid your pulse might stop again,
otherwise. But if they needed proof that your body can¡¯t handle
anything extra right now, the fact that you ended up knocked out for
three days seems pretty telling.¡±
   ¡°Three days?¡± Sophie wanted to throw off her covers and leap out of
bed¡ªbut the woolly mammoth weighing her down was having none of
it. ¡°How could I lose that much time?¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s called almost dying,¡± Edaline said gently.
   ¡°Actually, it¡¯s called ¡®Fostering¡¯ now,¡± Keefe corrected¡ªand it took
Sophie a second to find him smirking at her from her desk, where his
notebooks and art supplies were scattered all around Iggy¡¯s cage.

   Keefe¡¯s hair looked as rumpled as his clothes, and Sophie wondered
how many hours he¡¯d been there.

   Or how many days.
   ¡°I swear I haven¡¯t been, like, creepily watching you sleep or
anything,¡± he promised, probably misunderstanding her mood shift.
¡°Elwin and Livvy had to rework some of the treatments they¡¯re
planning for you, and they didn¡¯t want to leave you alone¡ªbut they
also didn¡¯t want to set up an alchemy lab in here. So everyone started
fighting over who would keep an eye on you¡ªbecause everyone wanted
to, not because they didn¡¯t,¡± he clarified. ¡°And Fitz definitely did, in
case you were wondering, or worrying, or¡­ he¡¯s been here a lot, okay?
The only reason he¡¯s gone right now is because he¡¯d promised my dad
that they¡¯d work through more memories, and you know how my dad
is¡ªhe gets his way no matter what. And Dex, Biana, Stina, and Wylie
have been around a bunch too, but they had some Go Team Awesome!
stuff that the Council needed them to do with Grady today. And Flori
and Sandor are reorganizing the security now that Nubiti¡¯s gone. And
Edaline¡¯s here now, but she also has all the animals to care for.
Meanwhile, I basically have nothing to do, thanks to Tammy Boy¡¯s
warning¡ªnot that I wouldn¡¯t be here even if I did have stuff¡­ I just¡­
we figured you wouldn¡¯t want someone sitting here when they could
be off investigating things¡ªand I can draw anywhere so¡­ it seemed
like the most logical solution, you know?¡±
   ¡°Smoooooooooooooth, Hunkyhair,¡± Ro told him. ¡°Really, really
smoooooooooth.¡±
   It sounded like Ro was inside of Sophie¡¯s closet, but Sophie wasn¡¯t
propped up enough to be able to tell for certain¡ªand if she was right,
Sophie could only imagine what kinds of chaos the ogre princess
might cause in there.

   She sorta hoped it included shredding some of her ridiculously frilly
gowns.

   ¡°So you¡¯ve been here for three days?¡± Sophie asked, glancing from
Keefe to Edaline, both of whom nodded¡ªthough Keefe looked way
more fidgety about it.

   ¡°We left once,¡± Ro admitted, ¡°but only because I made Hunkyhair
shower and change¡ªand you¡¯re welcome, by the way. I swear the
stench radiating off of him was making the flowers in your carpet
wither.¡±

   ¡°It was not!¡± Keefe argued. And Sophie had never seen him turn
quite so red. ¡°It also wasn¡¯t my fault,¡± he mumbled. ¡°Elwin and Livvy
made it super hot in here because it was supposed to be good for your
healing or whatever. So of course I got all gross and sweaty.¡±

   ¡°We all did,¡± Edaline added, trying and failing to wipe away the hair
shellacked to Sophie¡¯s forehead again¡ªwhich made Sophie realize she
probably didn¡¯t want to know what she looked like in that moment.

   Or what she smelled like¡­
   ¡°That doesn¡¯t change the fact that no one could go near Hunkyhair
without coughing!¡± Ro called from the closet.
   Keefe gritted his teeth, and Sophie had to laugh¡ªand then whimper
as the pain punished her for daring to use her chest muscles.
   ¡°I¡¯m fine,¡± she promised, but Edaline was already on her feet
heading for the door.
   ¡°I need to let Elwin and Livvy know you¡¯re awake so they can check
on you,¡± Edaline called over her shoulder. ¡°Try not to move too much
in the meantime, okay?¡±
   Sophie nodded.
   But she still had to try to sit up¡ªand then regretted it when prickles
shot up her arms and down her legs.

   Keefe snorted as he rushed over to help. ¡°You listen almost as well
as I do, you know that, Foster? Here.¡±

   He lifted her gently by the shoulders and eased her into a sitting
position, propping her back and arms with extra pillows. ¡°Better?¡±

   She nodded, needing a second to catch her breath. ¡°Definitely
wouldn¡¯t mind if Elwin and Livvy let me take some pain medicine.¡±

   ¡°Yeah. Me neither.¡± He shook his arms as he backed away, and she
realized his empathy was making him suffer through everything she
was feeling¡ªand she¡¯d just made it worse for him by being stubborn.

   She cleared her throat, planning to say, Sorry. But at the last second
she changed to ¡°Thank you.¡±

   ¡°For what?¡± Keefe asked.
   ¡°For helping me sit up. And for staying here for so many days. And¡­
for whatever you did to get me through the reset.¡± Her memories were
a scrambled mess, but she definitely remembered one thing. ¡°You sent
me a green breeze, didn¡¯t you?¡±
   Keefe¡¯s gaze shifted to his hands, which were fidgeting with the
loosened laces of his jerkin. ¡°I mean, I can¡¯t always see the color of the
emotions¡ªand honestly, sometimes I¡¯m not even sure what emotions I
send. My ability gets a little abstract when you¡¯re enhancing me, so I
don¡¯t always know what I¡¯m doing. But I do know I wanted you to feel
like whatever was happening was a fresh start, so it wouldn¡¯t be as
scary for you, since your fear was spiking even worse than your pain.¡±
   ¡°A fresh start,¡± Sophie repeated, feeling her lips curl into a smile. ¡°I
guess that¡¯s a better way of looking at it than fixing my broken ability
so I won¡¯t be useless or ruin anything else.¡±
   Keefe whistled. ¡°It¡¯s kind of ridiculous how hard you are on
yourself.¡±
   Sophie shrugged¡ªthen wished she hadn¡¯t when they both winced
from the tearing sensation that zinged through her shoulder muscles.
¡°I have to be hard on myself,¡± she told him. ¡°I have lots of people
counting on me.¡±

   ¡°You do. And I get it. But just¡­ don¡¯t forget what I said before. The
only thing you have to be is Sophie Foster. That¡¯s more than enough.¡±

   ¡°Awwwwwww¡ªgood one, Hunkyhair!¡± Ro called, ruining the
moment¡ªnot that it was a moment or anything like that. ¡°Way to
recover!¡±

   Sophie cleared her throat, trying to move past the cloud of
awkwardness now hanging over them. ¡°So¡­ Dex, Biana, Stina, and
Wylie are working on Team Valiant stuff with Grady? Did they say
what they were doing?¡±

   ¡°Not really. I¡¯m not on the team, so¡­ I don¡¯t get to know the
secrets.¡±

   Aaaaaaaaaaaaaand, the awkwardness got a whole lot worse.
   ¡°Pretty sure it had to do with the dwarves, though,¡± Keefe added
quietly. ¡°And Dex told me to tell you they¡¯ll stop by tomorrow morning
to see if you¡¯re awake, so I¡¯m sure they¡¯ll update you on everything
then. After all, you¡¯re their Fearless Lady Fos-Boss.¡±
   Sophie sighed. ¡°More like the Failing Lady Fos-Boss. No, really,¡±
she added when he opened his mouth to argue. ¡°I totally forgot to
check in with Wylie and Stina after they did¡­ something I might not
be allowed to talk about. And I forgot to give Dex and Biana anything
important to do while Stina and Wylie were working on that. And I
almost inflicted on all of them in Loamnore¡ªand then had to have my
abilities reset and ended up unconscious for three days. And who
knows how much longer I¡¯ll be stuck in bed.¡±
   ¡°See, but I seem to remember Bronte¡ªBronte! The-Dude-Who¡¯s-
Tried-to-Have-You-Exiled-Almost-as-Many-Times-as-Dame-Alina-
Has-Tried-to-Have-Me-Expelled, so you know he¡¯s not just being nice
¡ªsaying that you were the reason King Enki didn¡¯t throw you guys out
of Loamnore. And by the way, King Enki was mad because the Council
and the Black Swan totally botched things with the scheduling. Your
mistakes were nothing on that¡ªand you¡¯re new at this. Plus¡­ I mean¡­
being a leader actually seems pretty hard.¡±

   ¡°It is,¡± Sophie admitted, staring at her hands¡ªand realizing she
wasn¡¯t wearing gloves. She also noticed a new bruise, the same size as
the star-shaped scar it was next to, which she¡¯d gotten the last time her
abilities were reset. ¡°Is that where they injected the allergy remedy?¡±

   Keefe shook his head. ¡°The main shot went into your leg. But then
when Elwin had to start doing chest compressions, Livvy dug out a
much smaller syringe with green liquid in it and stabbed that into your
hand. Does it hurt?¡±

   ¡°Everything hurts.¡± Sophie slid her hand under her blankets so she
wouldn¡¯t keep staring at the spot that was surely going to be a new
scar.

   They needed a subject change¡ªfast.
   ¡°So Fitz is at the Shores of Solace right now?¡± she asked.
   ¡°He is¡ªand he¡¯s not happy about it. He didn¡¯t want to leave you. I
heard him yelling at my dad before he left, saying the whole thing is a
waste of time. But my dad still got his way¡ªhe always does. Someday I
need to figure out how he pulls that off.¡±
   ¡°I take it that means they haven¡¯t found anything useful?¡± Sophie
asked.
   ¡°That¡¯s what I¡¯m assuming. And I¡¯m not surprised. I¡¯m sure my
dad¡¯s being super stubborn, and controlling, and hiding a ton of stuff,
and basically sabotaging the process.¡± Keefe plopped back onto the
desk chair and propped his feet on her desk. ¡°Plus¡­ don¡¯t get me
wrong. You know Fitzy¡¯s my Best Dude¡ª¡±
   ¡°Best Dude?¡± Sophie interrupted. ¡°Is that seriously what you¡¯re
calling him now?¡±

   Keefe nodded. ¡°Until I convince him that we should call ourselves
the Keefitzinator. Anyway, I¡¯m not saying our Fitzy¡¯s not a super-
powerful Telepath. He¡¯s just¡­ better with the basic stuff when he¡¯s
working alone, you know? And finding shattered memories seems like
it might be a bit too fancy for him. Especially since my dad¡¯s good at
dodging Telepaths.¡±

   Sophie chewed her lip. ¡°If you want me¡ª¡±
   ¡°Nah,¡± Keefe cut her off, before she¡¯d had a chance to make her
offer.
   ¡°Why not?¡± she asked.
   ¡°Uh, for one thing, have you seen you?¡± he asked. ¡°Hate to break it
to you, Miss F, but you need some major bed rest.¡±
   ¡°I meant after I¡¯m better,¡± Sophie mumbled, tugging at the parts of
her hair that weren¡¯t plastered to her forehead and trying to hide
behind the greasy strands.
   ¡°Oh, I know¡ªbut once you¡¯re better, you¡¯ll have way more
important stuff to do than digging through my dad¡¯s creepy
memories,¡± Keefe insisted. ¡°Besides, it¡¯s not like we even know for
sure that we¡¯re going to find anything.¡±
   ¡°Right, but¡ª¡±
   ¡°Seriously, Foster. It¡¯s not worth it.¡±
   He wouldn¡¯t look at her as he said it. And Sophie had a feeling there
was a bigger reason he was letting her off the hook.
   And in case she was right, she decided not to keep pushing.
   But they were running out of subject changes.
   All she had left was, ¡°Any luck with your memories?¡±
   ¡°I wish.¡± He snatched the gold notebook off of her desk and tucked
it into his cape pocket before picking up the silver one and slowly
flipping through. ¡°I¡¯ve logged a bunch more stuff. But nothing useful.
And Dex told me yesterday that he still hasn¡¯t gotten any hits from the
London cameras, so¡­ I don¡¯t know. Maybe the drawing I gave him
wasn¡¯t good enough for the facial recognition.¡±

   ¡°Or the guy might¡¯ve moved,¡± Sophie hated to tell him. ¡°Humans do
that way more than elves do.¡±

   ¡°I know. I thought of that. But¡­ London¡¯s the only lead I have, so¡­¡±
He slumped lower in his chair.

   ¡°Well¡­ it hasn¡¯t been that long since Dex set up the cameras,¡±
Sophie said, trying to be positive. ¡°And the guy could¡¯ve been on
vacation. Or battling the flu and not leaving the house or something.
Just because we haven¡¯t found him yet doesn¡¯t mean we won¡¯t.¡±

   Keefe looked about as convinced by those suggestions as she was.
   She wished she could think of some brilliant solution, but¡­ the man
Keefe remembered could literally be anywhere on the planet, and they
only had cameras searching one city.
   If only they could tap into, like¡­ a human spy satellite or something.
Then they could at least cover a lot more ground. But she doubted
Dex¡¯s Technopath skills stretched all the way to outer space¡ªand even
if they did, there would still be lots of places the satellite didn¡¯t cover
because human tech wasn¡¯t that powerful. And the elves didn¡¯t¡­
   ¡°Wait,¡± Sophie said, wincing as she straightened up. ¡°Is Mr. Forkle
still here?¡±
   ¡°He might be,¡± Keefe said. ¡°Why?¡±
   ¡°Go check,¡± Sophie told him, wishing she¡¯d thought of this sooner.
¡°If he is, tell him I need to talk to him right now.¡±
   ¡°About what?¡± Mr. Forkle asked from the doorway, and Sophie
jumped¡ªthen winced.
   ¡°Whatever it is, it can wait,¡± Livvy cut in, shoving Mr. Forkle aside
to make her way over to Sophie, with Elwin right at her heels.
   Edaline was with them too, and she held Sophie¡¯s hand the whole
time that Elwin and Livvy did their exam¡ªwhich was mostly Livvy
asking, ¡°Does this hurt?¡± before poking Sophie somewhere, while
Elwin flashed various orbs of colored light around Sophie¡¯s body and
studied her through his funny spectacles.

   The answer, unfortunately, was always, ¡°Ow, yes.¡±
   And the final verdict seemed to be that everything was on the right
track¡ªbut Sophie still had a long way to go. They also didn¡¯t think
she¡¯d be up for taking any elixirs for at least another day.
   Including pain medicine.
   ¡°Why is it so much worse this time?¡± Sophie asked, sucking air
through her teeth as Livvy made her lie back flat again and her
muscles punished her for the movement. ¡°I mean, I know you messed
with my heart a little, but last time you gave me double the amount of
limbium so¡­¡±
   ¡°The heart is much more sensitive than people realize,¡± Livvy said
gently. ¡°And so much more vulnerable. It can¡¯t defend itself the way
the mind can¡ªand I don¡¯t mean physically,¡± she added when she
noticed Sophie¡¯s frown. ¡°From a physical standpoint, they¡¯re both vital
organs, and any sort of serious strike or blow would be Game Over.
But from an emotional standpoint, the brain can think through feelings
and talk us into or out of them.¡±
   ¡°Tell me about it,¡± Ro muttered from Sophie¡¯s closet.
   ¡°See?¡± Livvy said. ¡°The ogre princess knows what I¡¯m talking about.
It¡¯s a defense mechanism that the heart simply doesn¡¯t have. The heart
feels what it feels, whether we want it to or not. So messing with it the
way I did takes a much bigger toll, even on a physical level. This isn¡¯t a
perfect metaphor, but¡­ try to think of it as I poked a hornet¡¯s nest.
And you got stung. And I¡¯m really sorry.¡±
   ¡°Me too,¡± Elwin said.
   Edaline squeezed Sophie¡¯s hand.
   ¡°The good news,¡± Mr. Forkle told her, ¡°is you made the right
decision with the pill you selected. I can already feel your heart and
mind communicating in ways they never have before.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s eyes widened. ¡°Are you reading my thoughts right now?¡±
   ¡°Not in the way you¡¯re assuming,¡± Mr. Forkle assured her. ¡°I realize
you haven¡¯t given me permission. So you¡¯re going to have to tell me
what it is you needed to discuss¡ªunless you want me to find the
answer myself.¡±
   ¡°No, it¡¯s fine,¡± Sophie said, glancing at Livvy and Elwin and
deciding it wouldn¡¯t matter if they heard. ¡°I need you to do me a
favor.¡±
   Mr. Forkle sighed. ¡°If this has to do with¡ª¡±
   ¡°It doesn¡¯t,¡± Sophie interrupted. ¡°I¡¯m not focusing on that right now
¡ªthough the fact that I trusted you with my life again when you still
won¡¯t trust me with that information¡ª¡±
   ¡°What information?¡± Livvy interrupted.
   ¡°It doesn¡¯t matter,¡± Mr. Forkle insisted.
   Sophie decided it did. So she told Livvy and Elwin, ¡°He won¡¯t tell me
who my biological parents are. Even though I deserve to know.¡±
   ¡°You definitely deserve to know that,¡± Elwin agreed, narrowing his
eyes at Mr. Forkle.
   ¡°Some secrets must be kept, even from those deserving,¡± Mr. Forkle
countered.
   Livvy groaned.
   ¡°I¡¯m not saying that to pressure anyone into telling me right now,¡±
Sophie emphasized, turning back to Mr. Forkle. ¡°But I need something
else¡ªand since I just took a huge risk for you, and you still won¡¯t give
me the other information I really need, I don¡¯t think you should be
allowed to say no to this. Especially since it¡¯s a very reasonable
request.¡±

   Mr. Forkle pursed his lips, looking both wary and amused by her
assertiveness. ¡°That¡¯s quite the sales pitch, Miss Foster. But you
realize you¡¯re going to have to actually tell me what you want before I
can decide if I¡¯ll be able to help you, right?¡±

   Sophie glanced at Keefe and said, ¡°Show him the drawing.¡±
   Keefe¡¯s eyebrows shot up, but he didn¡¯t argue or question her. And
as he flipped to the right page in the silver notebook, Sophie explained
about Keefe¡¯s shattered memory and their plan to find the guy using
the CCTV cameras.
   ¡°So this is why you and Mr. Dizznee went to London?¡± Mr. Forkle
asked, taking the notebook from Keefe to study the man¡¯s face more
closely. When she nodded, he asked, ¡°Why do you need my help?¡±
   ¡°Well¡­ so far, none of the London cameras have found the guy. And
I¡¯m starting to worry that it might be because he doesn¡¯t live in
London anymore. It¡¯s been a few years and humans move around.¡±
   ¡°They do indeed,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed, turning to study the drawing
from a different angle.
   She waited to speak again until he met her eyes, hoping her stare
made it clear that what she was about to demand wasn¡¯t optional.
¡°That¡¯s why I want you to take Dex to Watchward Heath.¡±
   ¡°What¡¯s Watchward Heath?¡± Keefe asked.
   ¡°Forkle¡¯s secret office,¡± Sophie told him. ¡°Or one of them, at least.
He brought me there a few days ago and showed me how it gives him
access to thousands and thousands of camera feeds¡ªand that¡¯s exactly
what we need. So now Mr. Forkle¡¯s going to take Dex there, and let
Dex do his Technopath thing. And if our guy is anywhere on this
planet¡ªwe¡¯ll find him.¡±
              TWENTY-NINE

IF I AGREE TO WHAT you¡¯re asking,¡± Mr. Forkle said, glancing slowly

between Sophie and Keefe, ¡°and let¡¯s be clear that what I mean by that
is, if I allow Mr. Dizznee to do his ¡®Technopath thing,¡¯ as you put it, to
the cameras feeding into my private office, I expect to be fully kept in
the loop on this project¡¯s progress from this point forward¡ªand I
don¡¯t mean simply with this particular memory. I mean with all of the
memories you decide to investigate in the future.¡±

   He held Keefe¡¯s stare as he slowly flipped to the next page of the
silver notebook, as if he was testing to see if Keefe would try to stop
him.

   ¡°Flip all you want¡ªI have nothing to hide,¡± Keefe said, leaning
back in his chair. ¡°But I should warn you, that also means there¡¯s
nothing else interesting in there. Mommy Dearest did a good job of
making sure I wouldn¡¯t recover these memories. Why do you think
Foster¡¯s pushing you so hard for this one?¡±

   ¡°What about the memories in those?¡± Mr. Forkle asked, pointing to
the green and brown notebooks still sitting on Sophie¡¯s desk.

   Keefe scooped them up and held them out. ¡°I mean¡­ if you¡¯re
looking for a particularly inspired visual re-creation of the Great
Gulon Incident, then you¡¯re about to be super excited. Otherwise, not
so much. Oh, and if you flip the pages at just the right speed, you can
watch the moment the gas erupts.¡±

   Mr. Forkle¡¯s lips twitched with a smile as he took the notebooks.
¡°And here I thought you had nothing to do with that event.¡±
   Keefe smirked. ¡°Not saying I did.¡±
   Sophie didn¡¯t bother asking. She¡¯d been trying to get someone to
tell her what happened during the Great Gulon Incident for years and
had never gotten a straight answer.
   And now definitely wasn¡¯t the time to sidetrack the conversation.
   Especially when Mr. Forkle pointed to Keefe¡¯s chest and asked,
¡°What about the notebook tucked away in your cape pocket? Are you
going to show me the memories in there, or do you have something to
hide after all?¡±
   Keefe straightened up, placing his hand over the pocket, like he was
afraid Mr. Forkle was going to try to snatch the gold notebook away.
¡°How did you know?¡±
   ¡°I have very sharp eyes. Far sharper than you and your friends
realize.¡± He handed Keefe back the silver, brown, and green notebooks
without paging through them. ¡°Truthfully, Mr. Sencen, I neither want
nor need to see your full recorded life history. I just need to trust that
you¡¯ll come to me when and if you recover something pertinent. Given
what happened with the Council and the meeting with King Enki, I¡¯m
realizing it¡¯s time for all of us to aim for a higher level of
transparency.¡±
   ¡°Said the guy who still won¡¯t tell me who my biological parents are,¡±
Sophie felt the need to point out.
   ¡°Ohhhhhh, she has you there!¡± Livvy added.
   ¡°She does indeed,¡± Mr. Forkle said through a very long sigh. ¡°But it
sadly doesn¡¯t change where we stand on that particular issue.
Sometimes a mystery must remain unsolved.¡± His eyes locked with
Sophie¡¯s. ¡°And someday you¡¯ll understand why I had to protect this
secret. In the meantime, I¡¯m willing to grant your request. I¡¯ll bring
Mr. Dizznee to Watchward Heath at his earliest convenience and let
him program the cameras to search for the man in Mr. Sencen¡¯s
drawing.¡±

   ¡°And you promise you¡¯ll let us know the second you find him?¡±
Sophie countered. ¡°No holding back information while you conduct
your own investigations?¡±

   ¡°Well, I suspect that Mr. Dizznee will program the feeds to notify
him of any matches long before anything alerts me, so this is likely a
moot point. But you have my word that if the cameras locate this
mystery man and I¡¯m the first to acquire that information, I¡¯ll pass it
along to you and Mr. Sencen immediately¡ªbut note my use of the
word ¡®if,¡¯ Miss Foster. I fear you¡¯re feeling a bit too confident in this
plan¡¯s success and forgetting that there¡¯s no guarantee that we¡¯ll be
able to find this man. Watchward Heath is an unprecedented
monitoring system¡ªbut it¡¯s not without its gaps. The man may also
have altered his appearance in some significant way since Mr. Sencen
saw him in this memory¡ªa change of hairstyle. Adding a beard or
mustache. Gaining or losing weight. Even the simple inevitabilities of
human aging, like wrinkles and hair loss, could be significant enough
to make the cameras disregard him as a viable match.¡±

   The words might as well have been a giant pair of scissors, snipping
the threads of excitement that had been stitching Sophie¡¯s newfound
hope together.

   She¡¯d been living with the elves for long enough that she¡¯d forgotten
how much more humans change than the elves. Everyone in the Lost
Cities stayed mostly static once they reached adulthood. An elf looked
the same at thirty as they did at one hundred thirty and three hundred
thirty and one thousand thirty and on and on and on. The only notable
difference would be the points of their ears or how they chose to cut or
style their hair.

   Maybe that was even why the London cameras hadn¡¯t found the guy.
   ¡°Don¡¯t look so disheartened,¡± Mr. Forkle told her. ¡°I should be able
to help Mr. Dizznee create some basic algorithms that will allow the
cameras to predict the most likely appearance alterations and search
for those as well. There will still be a margin for error, of course, but
¡ª¡±

   ¡°You would do that?¡± Sophie interrupted.
   ¡°Of course! That shouldn¡¯t come as a surprise to you, Miss Foster,¡±
he chided. ¡°I fear you¡¯ve lost sight of who I am. Allowed the fact that
I¡¯m unable to share information about your genetic parents to feel like
an enormous chasm between us. When the reality is so much simpler.
We¡¯re still on the same side. We still share the same goals. Still crave
the same answers. So how about we endeavor to focus on those
similarities from this point forward?¡±
   He extended his hand for a handshake, and, after a quick glance at
Keefe, Sophie reached out and took it.
   ¡°Excellent,¡± Mr. Forkle said. ¡°I¡¯ll explain all of this to Mr. Dizznee
as soon as he returns from Loamnore this evening, so he can make any
necessary preparations before I bring him to my office.¡±
   ¡°Why is he in Loamnore?¡± Sophie asked.
   Mr. Forkle released her hand. ¡°That¡¯s classified information.¡±
   ¡°Right. And I¡¯m the leader of Team Valiant,¡± Sophie reminded him.
   ¡°You are. But no one else in this room has the necessary clearance.
And it¡¯s best if you don¡¯t use your telepathy right now.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s best if you don¡¯t do anything right now,¡± Elwin added, before
Sophie could suggest asking everyone to clear the room, ¡°except drink
a bottle of Youth, have some broth, and try to sleep. Give us at least the
rest of today to get you a little stronger before you start diving into all
the stressful conversations. Save the updates and worrying for
tomorrow.¡±
   ¡°Elwin¡¯s right,¡± Livvy agreed, handing Sophie a bottle of Youth as
Edaline conjured up a bowl of pale, purple-toned broth for her to eat.
¡°I know you¡¯re itching to get back to work¡ªand I get it. Believe me.
But right now, your focus needs to be on your recovery or you¡¯re going
to slow the process down. And the good news is, your friends are
brilliant and talented and every bit as determined as you are, so it¡¯s not
like you have to worry that nothing¡¯s getting done. They¡¯re out there
right now kicking butt and taking names. And you have to be here. So
make it worth it. Get as much rest as you can.¡±

   Sophie sighed and forced herself to take a bite of broth, which was
somehow both a little sweet and a little salty. ¡°What is this?¡±

   ¡°Panakes blossoms steeped with a few herbs Flori recommended,¡±
Edaline explained. ¡°She thinks it¡¯ll speed your healing.¡±

   Sophie finished the whole bowl, and it eased some of the aching in
her limbs, which made her want out of that bed even more.

   ¡°Try to sleep,¡± Elwin told her, pulling her blankets back into place
when she tossed them aside.

   ¡°But I¡¯ve been sleeping for three days!¡± she reminded him.
   ¡°That wasn¡¯t restful sleep,¡± Elwin insisted.
   ¡°It must¡¯ve been, because I¡¯m not tired,¡± Sophie argued.
   ¡°I can fix that,¡± Flori offered from the doorway. She padded over to
the bed, singing a lullaby about windswept branches dancing in
perfect harmony to the rhythm of the breeze, and the flowers on
Sophie¡¯s canopy filled the air with their sweet, soothing perfume.
   ¡°That¡¯s not fair,¡± Sophie grumbled through a yawn.
   ¡°Yeah, wow,¡± Keefe said, rubbing his eyes as he stumbled to his
feet. ¡°If I don¡¯t go now, I¡¯m going to be drooling on your desk¡ªunless
you need me to stay.¡±
   Sophie couldn¡¯t tell if he was asking her or her physicians. Either
way, she told him, ¡°Go home, Keefe. You¡¯ve been stuck here long
enough.¡±
   He shook his head, studying her with sleepy eyes. ¡°I¡¯m never stuck

with you, Foster. Someday I¡¯m going to make you see that.¡±
   ¡°Sounds like I¡¯d better get Hunkyhair home,¡± Ro said, striding out

of Sophie¡¯s closet in a silky pink gown that somehow looked both right
and wrong with her armor strapped on top of it. ¡°I was bored,¡± Ro
added when she noticed the way everyone was staring, like that
explained her new fashion choices. ¡°I¡¯ll bring the dress back
tomorrow.¡±

   ¡°Keep it,¡± Sophie told her. ¡°You¡­ look really good.¡±
   Ro glanced down, sliding her hands across the shimmering skirt,
then rolled her eyes and muttered something about sparkles going to
her head.

¡°You look better,¡± Biana told Sophie the next morning, glancing at
Stina. ¡°Doesn¡¯t she look better?¡±

   ¡°Does she?¡± Stina asked, with her trademark brutal honesty. ¡°I
mean, she¡¯s not so greasy anymore, but she¡¯s still awfully pale.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s fine,¡± Sophie told Biana, before she could argue. Edaline had
brought a mirror over when Sophie insisted on doing the sponge bath
herself, so she was very familiar with her pasty skin and shadowed eyes
and overall grayish pallor.

   She definitely still had some major recovering to do.
   The good news was, Elwin and Livvy had finally decided Sophie
could have some pain medicine, so she could actually move without
constantly wanting to say ¡°ow.¡±
   Keefe had also been sweet enough to stay at the Shores of Solace
that morning so she¡¯d be able to have all the ¡°classified¡± conversations
with her team.
   And Mr. Forkle had kept his promise and taken Dex to Watchward
Heath. They were supposed to be there all day, since it was a lot of
camera feeds for Dex to tweak. But it was progress, and Sophie could
at least feel like she¡¯d played some small part in making it happen.

   The news from Loamnore was less encouraging.
   Nubiti had found ten more magsidian stones hidden in the same
corridors where the deserters had sabotaged other things before
fleeing the city. And while none of the stones had exactly the same
facets, they were all a similar size and shape, and their cuts followed a
similar pattern¡ªclose enough to be clear that the same person or
group had made all ten of the new stones, as well as the three they¡¯d
found in the Grand Hall.
   And the stones were all hidden in places where magsidian wasn¡¯t
supposed to be.
   And all were impossible to remove.
   And no one seemed convinced that the putty Nubiti had covered
them with would solve the problem.
   Wylie was still in the dwarven city, working with Nubiti to see if
there was a way to determine how the stones responded to light
without starting another fire.
   ¡°That¡¯s not the information we need, though,¡± Sophie realized after
Biana finished her update. ¡°The Neverseen aren¡¯t going to attack with
light. They¡¯re going to attack with shadows.¡±
   ¡°You say that like it¡¯s a fact,¡± Stina noted. ¡°But we don¡¯t actually
know if that¡¯s true. The way those stones in the Grand Hall reacted to
light couldn¡¯t have been an accident. Someone planned that¡ªlined
them up so the beams would ricochet perfectly. So light has to be
important too.¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Sophie told her. ¡°But no one¡¯s ever said that magsidian
can¡¯t be cut to serve multiple purposes. I think we need to get a Shade
down there and see what they can figure out.¡±
   Stina sighed. ¡°I was afraid you were going to say that¡ªso I¡¯m

calling ¡®not it¡¯ for being the one to convince Lady Zillah to go down
there. She¡¯s¡­ intense.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m pretty sure it needs to be the Council who talks to her,¡± Sophie
realized, ¡°since they¡¯ll need to work out the visit with King Enki. But
someone needs to tell the Council¡ªand make them understand that
even if King Enki doesn¡¯t want to cooperate, we need to know what a
Shade can do in Loamnore, both with these stones and on the King¡¯s
Path.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯ll talk to my Councillor contacts,¡± Biana promised.
   ¡°And I¡¯ll hail Oralie and Bronte a little later,¡± Sophie decided. ¡°Is
there anything else I need to know?¡±
   Stina and Biana shared a look.
   ¡°More bad news?¡± Sophie guessed, sitting up a little taller to
prepare for it. ¡°Nothing with Linh, right?¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Biana promised, glancing at Stina again. ¡°It¡¯s just¡­ Stina and
I finally had a chance to meet with Lady Cadence.¡±
   Sophie stopped breathing. ¡°You asked her?¡±
   Biana nodded, eyes shifting to her feet.
   Stina stood taller. ¡°She definitely isn¡¯t your biological mother.¡±
   ¡°She isn¡¯t,¡± Sophie repeated with the last of the air in her lungs¡ª
still not quite ready to breathe again.
   She isn¡¯t.
   She isn¡¯t.
   She isn¡¯t.
   ¡°That¡¯s good news, right?¡± Stina asked. ¡°You didn¡¯t want her to be
your biological mom, did you?¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Sophie said, forcing herself to suck in some air¡ªand
triggering a whole lot of coughing¡ªwhich unfortunately made her
very aware of all the places she was still very sore from almost dying,
even with the pain medicine. So there were several seconds filled with
a lot of cough¡ª¡°ow!¡±¡ªcough¡ª¡°ow!¡± before Sophie managed to grit
out, ¡°I¡¯m definitely glad I¡¯m not genetically related to her. But¡­ do I
want to know what she said after you asked her? Probably not, huh?¡±

   ¡°It wasn¡¯t that bad,¡± Biana promised¡ªand the ¡°that¡± told Sophie
everything she needed to know.

   She held up her hands before Biana could continue. ¡°Never mind.
Whenever Foxfire¡¯s back in session, I¡¯m going to have to train with her
every week, and I¡¯m pretty sure the only way I¡¯m going to be able to do
that without dumping curdleroots on her head is if I don¡¯t let you
finish that sentence.¡±

   ¡°It wasn¡¯t that bad,¡± Biana assured her again. ¡°But¡­ yeah, you¡¯re
probably right.¡±

   ¡°She did say one interesting thing, though,¡± Stina noted. ¡°She said
the Black Swan is too smart to have your biological parents¡¯ abilities
match yours. It¡¯d be too much of a giveaway¡ªespecially since your
abilities are so rare. That kinda makes sense, don¡¯t you think? Like
how Bronte isn¡¯t your biological father even though he¡¯s the only
Inflictor? So I guess when we figure out more names, we should try to
pick people who don¡¯t have your abilities.¡±

   ¡°Great, so basically it could be anybody,¡± Sophie grumbled.
   ¡°Not true,¡± Biana argued. ¡°You have a lot of abilities. And it rules
out all of those.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, but there are still way more abilities I don¡¯t have than
abilities I do,¡± Sophie countered, reaching up to rub her temples. ¡°But
it¡¯s fine,¡± she said, trying to convince herself as much as them. ¡°It
doesn¡¯t matter right now. We¡¯re pausing the biological parent search.¡±
   ¡°We are?¡± Stina asked.
   Sophie nodded, feeling ten pounds lighter for having decided it.
¡°It¡¯s just not the right time. There are too many huge things going on,
and I can¡¯t keep letting it be a distraction. We can always pick the
search back up once things calm down.¡±

   ¡°I guess that¡¯s true,¡± Biana murmured. ¡°But¡­ what about the whole
unmatchable thing?¡±

   Sophie sighed. ¡°I¡¯m just¡­ going to have to deal with it. Fortunately,
most people don¡¯t know about that yet, and it won¡¯t really be
noticeable until our grade level starts picking up their match lists,
which is still a little ways off. Hopefully I¡¯ll have it figured out before
then. But¡­ even if not, that doesn¡¯t change the fact that right now, we
have to focus on the dwarves, and Keefe¡¯s missing memory, and
whatever else the Neverseen are planning. And I need to get out of this
stupid bed.¡±

   She tried to kick off her covers and regretted it when her legs
proved to be extra achy.

   ¡°Want us to get Elwin or Livvy or Edaline?¡± Biana offered.
   ¡°No, it¡¯s fine,¡± Sophie said, hating the next words she had to say. ¡°I
think¡­ I just need to rest for a bit.¡±
   ¡°I think that¡¯s a good idea,¡± Stina agreed. ¡°Seriously, Sophie.
There¡¯s nothing wrong with taking the time you need to get better.¡±
   ¡°Stina¡¯s right,¡± Biana added, looking less uncomfortable with those
words than she used to. ¡°That¡¯s why you have us. Is there anything else
you need us to be working on?¡±
   ¡°I can¡¯t think of anything,¡± Sophie admitted, even if it felt like there
should be dozens and dozens of things.
   Did they really have so few projects and leads?
   She tried to tell herself it didn¡¯t matter¡ªthat they were definitely on
the right track with the magsidian stones they¡¯d discovered, and that
was going to give them a real advantage. But she still wished she could
come up with something better to say than, ¡°Just make sure you talk to
the Council about getting Lady Zillah to Loamnore. And maybe check
on Linh at Choralmere?¡±

   ¡°On it,¡± both girls promised, and Sophie had to marvel for a second
at how well they were all working together¡ªeven if bossing them
around still felt really strange.

   Stina leaped away after that to hail one of her assigned Councillors.
But Biana lingered, and Sophie suspected Biana had a bigger reason
than just helping her adjust her pillow and blankets.

   ¡°You¡¯re sure you don¡¯t want me to keep working on the Biological
Parent thing?¡± Biana eventually asked, tipping her hand. ¡°I swear I can
do it without it being a distraction! I mean, I¡¯ve managed to test
Bronte and Lady Cadence and keep up with all my other
responsibilities.¡±

   She had¡ªwhich proved Biana was definitely better at multitasking
than Sophie was.

   But that didn¡¯t change Sophie¡¯s mind.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure,¡± she told Biana. ¡°Things are getting way too real right
now. It¡¯s starting to feel like it always feels right before something
really big and horrible happens. And if I¡¯m right, I don¡¯t want to have
to wonder if we would¡¯ve been better prepared if I hadn¡¯t wasted time
on selfish, unimportant stuff.¡±
   ¡°This isn¡¯t unimportant,¡± Biana argued.
   ¡°No. But it¡¯s not urgent, either,¡± Sophie had to remind her. ¡°It can
wait.¡±
   ¡°I guess,¡± Biana said, and the way she was chewing her lip made
Sophie pretty sure that Biana was asking herself the same question she
was.
   Would Fitz wait?
                  THIRTY

HEY¡ªYOU¡¯RE UP!¡± FITZ CALLED across the pastures as he made his

way over, and Sophie mentally thanked the universe that she¡¯d decided
to brush her hair and change out of her pajamas before she¡¯d headed
outside for a little fresh air and some baby alicorn snuggles.

   It wasn¡¯t her first time out of bed since having her abilities reset¡ª
she¡¯d managed that the day before. But she¡¯d only been downstairs for
a minute when her head got a little too spinny and her legs got a little
too wobbly and Sandor had insisted on carrying her back up to her
room.

   So making it all the way outside to a nice shady spot under Calla¡¯s
Panakes tree felt like a huge victory.

   If only it hadn¡¯t taken her six days to get to that point.
   And if only she hadn¡¯t been sitting on the grass with her forehead
pressed against her knees, trying to fight off a dizzy spell when Fitz
found her.
   The worry crease between his eyebrows looked especially deep.
   ¡°I¡¯m up!¡± she emphasized, offering him her best seriously-I¡¯m-fine
smile and wishing the flutter in her heart felt a little more like
excitement and a little less like nerves.
   After all, her boyfriend was here to visit her.
   And he was very, very cute.
   Fitz¡¯s fitted gray tunic made his shoulders look especially broad,
and his dark hair was just the right mix of styled and tousled. And
when his gorgeous teal eyes met hers and he flashed his movie-star-
worthy grin, her brain definitely turned to melty mush.

   Which was probably why she couldn¡¯t think of something better to
say than, ¡°I¡­ didn¡¯t realize you were coming over.¡±

   ¡°I know, I wanted it to be a surprise.¡± He sat across from her in the
grass, studying her for several endless seconds before his smile faded.
¡°You still look really out of it.¡±

   Sophie let her hair fall forward, giving her a curtain of blond to hide
behind. ¡°Yeah, that¡¯s what Vertina told me too.¡±

   ¡°Vertina?¡±
   ¡°She¡¯s this kinda annoying ¡®girl¡¯ programmed into Jolie¡¯s old
spectral mirror. And she usually tries to get me to do more with my
hair, or put on makeup, or wear fancier clothes or whatever. But today
she was like, ¡®Wow, you look awful¡ªwhy aren¡¯t you in bed?¡¯¡±
   ¡°Well, I¡¯m kinda with her on the ¡®why aren¡¯t you in bed¡¯ thing,¡± Fitz
admitted. ¡°But.¡± He reached up to tuck her hair behind her ear. ¡°I also
think you look really beautiful.¡±
   And with that, he scored all the boyfriend points ever.
   But Sophie still didn¡¯t know what to do with the compliment¡ª
except maybe get choked up. And she really didn¡¯t want to do that
again.
   So she leaned back against the tree trunk, giving herself a little
breathing room as she responded to the first part of what he¡¯d said. ¡°I
couldn¡¯t lie around anymore. I had to move.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, I remember having that same feeling when we were on bed
rest in the Healing Center.¡± He scooted closer to her side, and Sophie
couldn¡¯t help noticing that his recovering leg still moved more stiffly
than the other. ¡°I just don¡¯t want you overdoing it and setting yourself
back, either,¡± he added quietly.
   ¡°I¡¯m trying not to,¡± she promised. ¡°Honestly, the sunshine is
helping a lot. And it¡¯s nice to have some distractions.¡±

   She tilted her chin toward the pasture to their left, where Luna was
galloping by with a stalk of swizzlespice sticking out of her mouth and
Wynn was racing to catch up with her, probably trying to steal it.

   ¡°They are pretty cute,¡± Fitz noted. ¡°Though, if you¡¯re looking for
cute distractions, I¡¯m more than happy to offer my snuggle services.¡±

   He flashed a teasing smile as he stretched out his arm and patted
her shoulder, inviting her to lean against him.

   They both pretended not to notice how long it took her to accept
the invitation.

   It wasn¡¯t because she didn¡¯t want to.
   The boyfriend thing was still just so¡­ new.
   And she couldn¡¯t help running through a Humiliation-Risk mental
checklist, trying to figure out if he¡¯d be able to tell that she¡¯d only had
sponge baths for the last few days, or feel the nervous sweat pooling in
the small of her back.
   ¡°Relax, Sophie,¡± Fitz whispered. ¡°I just thought it might help you to
lean your head down a bit.¡±
   It did help.
   And it definitely was distracting to feel his arm around her and hear
the thump thump thump of his heartbeat against her ear.
   But she couldn¡¯t relax.
   ¡°Have Livvy or Elwin said how much longer they think it¡¯s going to
take before you¡¯re back to one hundred percent?¡± he asked as his
fingers played casually with a strand of her hair.
   ¡°Not really,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°But I¡¯m guessing at least another
week, since they¡¯re still trying to limit how much medicine I take.
They also think it¡¯s going to set me back when I first test my
inflicting.¡±
   His arm tightened around her. ¡°When will you be doing that?¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t know. Once Elwin and Livvy say I¡¯m ready, I guess¡ªthough
if they keep babying me, I might lose my temper and then there¡¯s
nothing anyone can do to stop me.¡±
   She tried adding an evil laugh to the end of that statement, but the
joke felt super forced. And she found herself once again missing the
days when spending time with Fitz didn¡¯t feel so painfully awkward.
   Sure, he¡¯d always made her nervous¡ªbut most of those worries had
been connected to the fact that she was super afraid he¡¯d figure out
that she liked him and not feel the same way.
   She didn¡¯t have to worry about that anymore.
   After all, he¡¯d come by to see her.
   They were snuggling.
   And yet.
   And yet¡­
   She couldn¡¯t quiet the voice in the back of her mind that kept
reminding her how important matchmaking was to Fitz.
   And how soon he¡¯d be able to start picking up his lists.
   And how right now, there was no way her name would be on them.
   She also didn¡¯t know how long it would take her to fix the situation
or how Fitz really felt in the meantime.
   Which probably meant they needed to have a long conversation¡ª
put all those fears and doubts ¡°out there¡± and see where they stood.
   That would be the mature, responsible way to handle the situation.
   But¡­ Sophie couldn¡¯t seem to make her mouth form those words.
   Or any words.
   So she just sat there, and the silence stretched between them,
making Fitz feel farther and farther away even though they¡¯d
technically never been so close.
   Fitz finally ended her misery by clearing his throat and murmuring,
¡°So¡­ I brought you a present. Well, two presents, actually.¡±

   ¡°You did?¡±
   Sophie turned her head enough to be able to see his face, and there
was his perfect smile again, along with a teasing glint in his eye.
   ¡°Don¡¯t sound so surprised,¡± he told her. ¡°I used to bring you
presents all the time!¡±
   He had.
   It¡¯d been one of her favorite things.
   Not for the gifts themselves, which were usually just silly trinkets.
But for the fact that it proved he¡¯d been thinking about her.
   It was always so easy for Sophie to convince herself that a guy like
Fitz Vacker would never be interested in someone as weird as she was.
But every time he brought her some sweet, thoughtful gift that proved
how well he knew her, she¡¯d think¡­ maybe he could.
   ¡°Anyway,¡± he said, and she realized she was probably supposed to
respond to his other statement. ¡°Sorry I¡¯ve dropped the ball on the gift
giving lately.¡±
   ¡°You don¡¯t have to apologize¡ª¡±
   ¡°I do, though,¡± he insisted, gently helping her sit up so they could
face each other. ¡°I totally meant to bring you something yesterday,
after the Council¡¯s Regent Announcement. But my mom planned this
whole dinner for Biana, and Keefe¡¯s dad nagged me to come over and
work through more memories, and then I was worried it¡¯d be too late
and you¡¯d be sleeping, and¡ª¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s fine,¡± Sophie assured him. ¡°It wasn¡¯t a big deal.¡±
   Or, that¡¯s what she¡¯d been telling herself, since she¡¯d had to miss
the big announcement.
   She¡¯d tried to go¡ªthat was why she¡¯d dragged herself downstairs.
But much as she hated to admit it, Sandor had been right to haul her
back to bed. There was definitely no way she could¡¯ve stood in a fancy
gown with a crown on her head and listened to the Council answer
everyone¡¯s questions about the arrangement.

   She would¡¯ve passed out for sure.
   So instead, she¡¯d been the mysteriously absent team leader.
   The one everyone was probably wondering about. Whispering about
¡ª
   ¡°Here,¡± Fitz said, distracting her with a tiny silver box tied with
silky teal ribbon. ¡°That¡¯s what I meant to bring by yesterday.¡±
   Sophie hoped he didn¡¯t notice the way her hands shook when she
untied the bow and pulled open the lid to find¡­
   ¡°You have a charm bracelet, don¡¯t you?¡± Fitz asked as Sophie picked
up the intricate silver charm¡ªa howling dire wolf, just like her Regent
patch.
   ¡°I do.¡± She didn¡¯t wear it very often because Grady and Edaline had
bought it after she was kidnapped, when they thought they¡¯d be
extending their annual commemorative charm tradition to another lost
daughter.
   But that didn¡¯t make it any less thoughtful and amazing of a gift.
   It was perfect.
   Just like Fitz¡­
   ¡°I love it,¡± she told him, tucking the tiny wolf safely back into its
box and wishing she could think of something more meaningful to add
than, ¡°Thank you so much.¡±
   But she wasn¡¯t perfect¡ªespecially when it came to romantic
gestures.
   Fortunately, Fitz didn¡¯t seem to notice.
   ¡°Don¡¯t thank me yet! You still have one more gift¡ªand this one¡¯s
special. So special it comes with a speech.¡± He held her gently by her
shoulders, waiting for her to meet his eyes. ¡°I know this boyfriend-
girlfriend thing is hard for you. Don¡¯t shake your head¡ªwe both know
it is. And that¡¯s okay. I get it. And I¡¯m sure you remember me telling
you that we¡¯d go at your pace. I asked you to trust me. And then¡­ I
don¡¯t know, somehow things got a whole lot more complicated, and I
felt like I didn¡¯t know what to do anymore. And I know that¡¯s probably
made it even harder for you to trust me, so I want you to know that
nothing¡¯s changed for me, okay? Nothing. Still no pressure. Still no
time limit. Still your pace. And I¡¯ve been trying to figure out how to
prove that, and¡­ this is the best I could come up with.¡­¡±

   He let go of her shoulders and reached into his cape pocket,
retrieving something as wide as a book but much thinner, covered in
shiny teal paper.

   And when Sophie unwrapped it¡­
   ¡°Oh wow,¡± she breathed, needing a few seconds to even process
what she was seeing.
   It was a picture of her and Fitz, sitting under Calla¡¯s Panakes tree,
just like they were right then. Only the scene was darker. And he was
sitting even closer, with his hand cradling her cheek and¡­
   ¡°This is a memory,¡± she realized.
   His memory.
   Of the night he¡¯d just been talking about¡ªwhen he¡¯d promised he¡¯d
wait for her to be ready for all the relationship stuff.
   He¡¯d even captured the tears that had slipped down her cheeks
while they¡¯d been talking¡ªand Sophie could feel new ones burning
her eyes.
   ¡°How did you¡­?¡± she asked, still trying to understand what she was
seeing.
   The gift looked more like a painting¡ªbut Fitz didn¡¯t paint, did he?
   And the style looked familiar.¡­
   ¡°Keefe helped me,¡± Fitz admitted, before Sophie¡¯s brain could get
there. ¡°I started out projecting the memory¡ªbut¡­ it didn¡¯t look quite
right, because I don¡¯t have a photographic memory like some people.
So there were details missing, and parts that were a little blurry. So I
paid Keefe to paint over it and add in all the stuff my mind didn¡¯t get
right.¡±

   ¡°Wait¡ªyou paid Keefe?¡± Sophie asked, not sure why that was the
part her mind had fixated on.

   Fitz nodded. ¡°Otherwise it¡¯s his gift¡ªand it¡¯s not. This is from me.
Just like I¡¯m the one who wrote the words on the back.¡±

   Sophie hadn¡¯t thought to flip it over. But she did, and there, in Fitz¡¯s
neat handwriting, was his simple plea:

   Trust me.
   ¡°I do,¡± she promised, feeling her tears spill over onto her cheeks. ¡°I
just¡ª¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± he interrupted, taking her hand and tangling her gloved
fingers with his. ¡°I get it. The unmatchable thing¡ªit threw us both
off. And I really wish I¡¯d handled it better. I should¡¯ve done everything
I could to make it clear that it doesn¡¯t change anything for me. I¡¯m still
here, still waiting on you to set the pace. And I know it¡¯s all going to
work out, Sophie. We¡¯re going to work out. Just trust me, okay? Talk to
me. Lean on me. Don¡¯t hide or run away, or give up or¡­ whoa.¡±
   ¡°Whoa?¡± Sophie repeated, not sure what to make of the way Fitz
was staring at their hands.
   ¡°You have gloves on,¡± he said.
   ¡°I do¡­,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°Is that a problem?¡±
   ¡°What about your fingernail gadgets?¡± he asked, ignoring the
question. ¡°Are those on?¡±
   Sophie nodded. ¡°I always keep them turned on. It just makes more
sense that way. Why?¡±
   Fitz finally looked up at her, and his eyes were wide¡ªand a little
glazed¡ªas he murmured, ¡°It looks like your inflicting wasn¡¯t the only
ability affected by the reset. Right now, even with all of that to block it,
I can feel you enhancing me.¡±
               THIRTY-ONE

FITZ WAS RIGHT.

   Sophie¡¯s enhancing was definitely stronger.
   In fact, it took four layers of gloves and her fingernail gadgets to
block the ability¡¯s effect on him.
   And when she tried holding his hand without any barriers between
them, it felt like lightning striking each of their palms. Fitz had to let
go after a few seconds, so they weren¡¯t able to see exactly what the
added boost allowed him to do with his telepathy. But Fitz did say it
gave his mind a level of clarity he¡¯d never experienced before.
   The strangest part, though, was what they discovered throughout
the course of the day, after testing the ability on anyone else they could
gather: Everyone had a different threshold¡ªand there didn¡¯t seem to
be any logic to it.
   Edaline, Elwin, Livvy, Biana, Dex, and Wylie all felt her enhancing
fade as soon as Sophie added a second pair of gloves.
   But Stina needed a third pair¡ªand could feel a noticeable boost
even without any physical contact.
   Keefe needed six layers of gloves¡ªand even then, he could still feel
a tiny hum across his senses. But Sophie couldn¡¯t squeeze a seventh
glove on over the others to see if it would help.
   She expected Keefe to be very smug about how strong that meant
his empathy was¡ªor at least make an abundance of jokes about the
thrill of holding his hand. But Keefe actually seemed¡­ a little shaken.
   Not as shaken as Grady¡ªthough that wasn¡¯t totally a surprise to
Sophie.

   The one and only time that she¡¯d ever enhanced Grady, he¡¯d told her
afterward, ¡°Never let me do that again.¡±

   But Sophie hated the distance it suddenly put between them.
   Grady didn¡¯t want to risk exposure to the power, so he held back
from hugging Sophie or reaching for her hand¡ªor even standing too
close. And the thought of that being her ¡°new normal¡± made Sophie ill
enough to reach out to Mr. Forkle and demand that he come to
Havenfield immediately.
   ¡°I don¡¯t understand,¡± she said, after they¡¯d discovered that Mr.
Forkle needed her to wear four layers of gloves to fully block her
enhancing, and experienced the same jolt that Fitz had when he made
direct contact with her fingertips. ¡°Why wasn¡¯t it like this yesterday?¡±
   ¡°Because your abilities, like your body, are still recovering from the
reset,¡± Mr. Forkle explained. ¡°As you grow stronger, so will they.¡±
   Sophie stared at her fingers, which looked like big marshmallows
under all the layers of fabric. ¡°So¡­ this is how it¡¯s going to be now? I¡¯m
stuck with puffy fingers and people afraid to touch me?¡±
   ¡°No,¡± he assured her. ¡°You¡¯ve simply entered another period of
adjustment. Try not to panic, Miss Foster. There¡¯s always a solution.
And while it may be hard to see it at the moment, this is good news.
You¡¯ve now become far, far more powerful than your enemies.¡±
   ¡°No, anyone who touches me is more powerful,¡± Sophie corrected,
¡°so really, I¡¯m actually way more vulnerable.¡±
   Her imagination happily painted her a new nightmare.
   A moonlark in a cage.
   Forced to empower anyone who shoved their hand through the bars.
   And the truly terrifying part was how easily her captors shifted in
her mind, from the Neverseen to the Council¡ªeven to the Black Swan.
   After all: Who wouldn¡¯t want to exploit a resource like that?
   ¡°We wouldn¡¯t,¡± Mr. Forkle assured her, and she wasn¡¯t sure if he¡¯d
read her mind or if he¡¯d simply noticed the way her eyes had narrowed
with suspicion. ¡°We would never use you against your will, Miss
Foster. You always have a choice.¡±
   ¡°How?¡± She held up her marshmallow hands. ¡°This ability is
automatic.¡±
   ¡°I actually wonder if that¡¯s true anymore,¡± he murmured, scratching
his chin. ¡°With a power this strong¡ªand a brilliant mind like yours¡ªI
wouldn¡¯t be surprised if there¡¯s some sort of internal trigger you¡¯ve yet
to discover, one that allows you to rein in the ability through
concentration or sheer willpower.¡±
   Sophie blinked. ¡°If that did exist¡­ how would I find it?¡±
   ¡°That would be up to you to determine,¡± he told her. ¡°Journeys of
self-discovery must be embarked upon alone.¡±
   ¡°Great,¡± Sophie grumbled, making no effort to hide her eye roll.
¡°You realize that¡¯s not actually an answer, right?¡±
   ¡°It is¡ªit¡¯s just not the answer you seek,¡± Mr. Forkle countered.
¡°You want a ready solution, and I cannot give that to you. But I can
assure you that if you become more mindful as you use this ability¡ª
more aware of the tiny shifts and connections occurring within you as
it works¡ªyou¡¯ll likely discover whole new worlds of strength and
control. Remember, this ability wasn¡¯t one we chose for you¡ªit was
one your genetics naturally dictated. Which likely means your genetics
have given you the means to manage it on your own.¡±
   Sophie sighed. ¡°That¡¯s still not helpful.¡±
   ¡°It will be,¡± he insisted. ¡°You just need to give yourself a chance to
process.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, well, in the meantime, I¡¯m stuck with eight zillion pairs of
gloves and trying not to let my enemies get anywhere near me. Might
as well lock me in my room.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m on board with that plan,¡± Sandor jumped in. ¡°I¡¯ll happily stand

guard at the door.¡±
   Mr. Forkle smiled. ¡°That won¡¯t be necessary. Miss Foster simply

needs to remember to rely on her friends.¡±
   He called Dex over and had Dex hold one of Sophie¡¯s fingernail

gadgets in one hand while letting her fully enhance him.
   ¡°Oh wow,¡± Dex breathed, his knees buckling the second her

fingertips touched his skin¡ªand miraculously, no one made any jokes
about Sophie knocking a boy off his feet as Stina and Biana lunged to
hold Dex steady. No one mentioned how many additional times Dex
whispered, ¡°Wow,¡± before he pulled his hand free and sank to the
grass, staring at the sky.

   ¡°Think you can make some adjustments to Tinker¡¯s design?¡± Mr.
Forkle asked him after several seconds. ¡°Create a more powerful shield
for Miss Foster¡¯s ability until she learns how to manage it with her
mind?¡±

   ¡°I think so, yeah,¡± Dex mumbled, followed by a bunch of techy
words that sounded like gibberish.

   ¡°I¡¯ll take him inside,¡± Biana volunteered, hooking Dex¡¯s arm around
her shoulders and hauling him to his shaky feet. ¡°He¡¯s going to need a
notebook to write this all down and make some sketches.¡±

   ¡°See?¡± Mr. Forkle said, turning back to Sophie. ¡°Your teammates
are already working on a technical solution. And while they do that, I
want you to get some rest¡ªand spend the whole day in bed tomorrow
if you can. Try to clear your mind of all other worries and start that
mental journey.¡±

   ¡°How?¡± Sophie asked.
   Mr. Forkle smiled. ¡°That¡¯s up to you. But the first step is sleep.¡±
As it turned out, mental journeys were every bit as pointless and
annoying as Sophie expected¡ªand also, surprisingly exhausting.

   Her mind didn¡¯t want to ¡°clear.¡±
   Focusing on her breathing just ended up making her spend hours
counting.
   And when she tried to listen to her body, all it told her was that she
was restless. And hungry. And really hated wearing so many pairs of
gloves.
   So Sophie literally tackled Dex with a hug the next day, when he
showed up with Lovise and Mr. Forkle to deliver her newly designed
fingernail gadgets.
   The gadgets were clear this time and had to be worn on every finger
¡ªand the sequence of taps to activate and deactivate them was much
more complicated. But once the gadgets were in place and active, they
seemed to do their job perfectly, blocking her enhancing both for Dex
and Mr. Forkle.
   ¡°You should probably test them on Keefe,¡± Dex suggested, ¡°since he
was even more sensitive to your ability than we were. And I¡¯d still
recommend wearing double gloves¡ªand keeping a couple of extra
pairs in your pockets.¡±
   Mr. Forkle clicked his tongue. ¡°Have you so little faith in your
talent, Mr. Dizznee?¡±
   ¡°No. I just also know technology isn¡¯t perfect. It breaks. Or other
stuff interacts with it. So it¡¯s good to have a backup plan.¡±
   Sophie nodded, pulling Dex into another hug, relieved that it still
didn¡¯t feel a tiny bit weird between them.
   ¡°Thank you,¡± she told him. ¡°You saved me from being Lady
Marshmallow Hands.¡±
   Dex grinned, flashing his dimples. ¡°See, now I kinda want to take
back the gadgets.¡±
   ¡°Don¡¯t even think about it,¡± Sophie warned.
   ¡°Oh, I¡¯m thinking about it, Lady Marshmallow Hands,¡± Dex
countered.
   Mr. Forkle cleared his throat. ¡°In all seriousness, Miss Foster, I still
hope you¡¯ll keep searching within yourself, because I feel quite
strongly that you have more to discover. In fact, I¡¯m regretting that I
never made self-reflection and meditation into a habit for you when
you were younger. I should¡¯ve considered that the uniqueness of your
abilities would require a measure of deep introspection, since only you
can truly understand the workings of your mind.¡±
   Sophie wanted to roll her eyes and tell him how pointless everything
she¡¯d tried the day before had been. But it was easier to just say, ¡°I¡¯ll
do my best,¡± and change the subject.
   ¡°What are you working on today?¡± she asked Dex.
   ¡°I asked Forkle to take me back to Watchward Heath, because I had
a few thoughts about the cameras while you were enhancing me. The
tweaks I made to the feed already are solid¡ªbut they¡¯re slow because
there are so many different cameras. And I think I came up with a way
to make it all work much faster. See? It¡¯s a good thing you had your
abilities reset. I know you¡¯ve been lying here regretting it.¡±
   She had, actually¡ªthough she hadn¡¯t even admitted that to herself.
   She¡¯d just lost so many days.
   And now her enhancing was so much more complicated.
   And she still couldn¡¯t even use her inflicting¡ªstill didn¡¯t even know
if it worked any better than it had before.
   ¡°It was the right call, Sophie,¡± Dex assured her. ¡°Just give yourself
time to adjust.¡±
   ¡°Mr. Dizznee is very wise,¡± Mr. Forkle told her. ¡°And I¡¯ve been
meaning to add one more thing. I think it¡¯s quite telling that both Mr.
Sencen and Mr. Vacker were so much more sensitive to your
enhancing.¡±

   ¡°Fitz needed the same number of gloves as you,¡± Sophie reminded
him.

   ¡°Yes, but my telepathy is far more honed than his, so for him to be
at my same level is fascinating. And I realize you¡¯ve always had strong
connections with both boys in different ways. But I wonder if having
them assist during the reset amplified those bonds. I think it might be
worth exploring. I¡¯d recommend working with both of them in tandem
to see what you discover. Perhaps complete a few trust exercises.¡±

   Dex snorted. ¡°You want Sophie, Fitz, and Keefe to do trust exercises
together.¡±

   ¡°I think it would be very enlightening,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed.
   ¡°Oh, it¡¯ll definitely be that,¡± Dex said with a particularly huge grin.
¡°Can I, uh, be there when you do?¡± he asked Sophie.
   ¡°No, it¡¯ll work best if it¡¯s just the three of them,¡± Mr. Forkle
informed him. ¡°Try it today, if you¡¯re up for it,¡± he advised Sophie.
¡°And if you¡¯re not, then I hope you¡¯ll work on more self-reflection.¡±
   Sophie couldn¡¯t decide which sounded more miserable.
   But.
   She already knew self-reflection was a total fail.
   So even though she could definitely recognize the potential for
disaster with Mr. Forkle¡¯s suggestion, she hailed Keefe and Fitz after
Mr. Forkle and Dex left and invited them over to work together. And
both boys reluctantly agreed to meet her in the Havenfield pastures in
a few hours.
   They started small¡ªthe three of them sitting in the shade of Calla¡¯s
Panakes tree, testing Sophie¡¯s new enhancing-blocking gadgets to
make sure Dex¡¯s design worked on both of them. And it did¡ªthough
Keefe said he could still feel that same tiny bit of extra clarity he¡¯d
started picking up just by being around Sophie. But they decided that
must be an Empath thing, since Stina had been feeling a similar boost
for a while.

   And then¡­ it was time to pick a trust exercise.
   ¡°We could play something like Two Truths and a Lie?¡± Sophie
suggested¡ªand then immediately un-suggested it once she saw how
excited Ro was by that idea.
   But every other trust exercise she¡¯d done with Fitz would be so
much worse with Keefe as part of it.
   So.
   Much.
   Worse.
   In fact, Sophie was starting to think the best idea would be to feign
exhaustion, flee to her bedroom, and hide under her covers until the
boys and their bodyguards left.
   But then Keefe stood, pacing past Sophie a few times before he
asked, ¡°This is about inflicting, right?¡±
   ¡°What do you mean?¡± Sophie asked.
   ¡°I mean, that¡¯s why you went through all of this, isn¡¯t it? And that
ability comes from both the head and the heart, doesn¡¯t it?¡±
   Sophie nodded.
   ¡°All right, then forget trust exercises!¡± Keefe decided. ¡°Fitzy can
cover the head stuff, I¡¯ll cover the heart stuff, you¡¯ll do your
Ragemonster thing and you¡¯ll start getting a feel for your shiny,
improved ability.¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t know what any of that means,¡± Fitz said, glancing at
Sophie, and Sophie was right there with him.
   Keefe dragged a hand down his face. ¡°I¡¯m saying we focus on letting
Foster practice inflicting. You and I will be here to make sure she
doesn¡¯t lose control of anything. But that¡¯s what¡¯s most important,
right?¡±

   ¡°But Elwin and Livvy think it¡¯s going to set back her recovery,¡± Fitz
reminded him.

   ¡°Right¡­ but¡­ if it¡¯s going to do that anyway, then why not test it
out, let it set her back, and then she can focus on recovering?¡± Keefe
countered.

   ¡°I don¡¯t think it works that way,¡± Fitz insisted.
   ¡°And I don¡¯t know how to just¡­ inflict,¡± Sophie added. ¡°I have to be
angry and afraid¡ª¡±
   ¡°So we¡¯ll make you angry and afraid,¡± Keefe interrupted. ¡°I mean, I
feel like if there¡¯s one thing Fitzy and I both excel at, it¡¯s making you
angry.¡±
   ¡°I can help with afraid!¡± Ro volunteered.
   ¡°No, you can¡¯t!¡± Sandor warned.
   ¡°Actually, this might be a good idea,¡± Grizel told him, stopping
Sandor from drawing his sword.
   ¡°You can¡¯t be serious,¡± Sandor snapped back.
   ¡°Why not?¡± Grizel asked. ¡°We¡¯ll all be here to keep her safe.¡±
   ¡°How can it be safe if there are no physicians to monitor her?¡±
Sandor countered. ¡°And why don¡¯t we see what her parents have to
say?¡±
   Round and round they went, and Sophie honestly didn¡¯t know which
side she was on¡ªbut then it didn¡¯t matter because someone was
clearing their throat behind them and they turned to find Mr. Forkle
standing on the path, watching them. And he seemed¡­
   Nervous.
   It almost looked like he wanted to raise a crystal and leap away
before any of them could ask why he was there.
   And maybe that was because he knew Keefe would ask, ¡°You found
him, didn¡¯t you? The guy in my drawing?¡±

   ¡°We did,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed. ¡°Mr. Dizznee¡¯s latest adjustments gave
us the speed we needed to also search the archive, starting with the
year we estimated you first saw the man, since we knew his appearance
would match most completely at that point.¡±

   ¡°You have an archive?¡± Sophie had to ask.
   ¡°A very thorough one,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed. ¡°And¡­ that¡¯s where we
found him. The video didn¡¯t give us his location, but it did give us a
name that Mr. Dizznee and I were able to search for in several human
databases.¡±
   ¡°You have access to human databases?¡± Sophie blurted out, even
though she probably shouldn¡¯t have been so surprised¡ªand she
definitely should stop interrupting Mr. Forkle because Keefe looked
ready to combust with impatience.
   ¡°We do,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed, ¡°and¡­ I gave you my word that I¡¯d let
you know anything we found immediately. So¡­ even though this goes
against my better judgment¡­ your mystery man¡¯s name was Ethan
Benedict Wright II.¡±
   ¡°Ethan Benedict Wright II,¡± Fitz and Keefe both repeated.
   But Sophie was stuck on a different word¡ªone she almost didn¡¯t
want to point out, since Keefe clearly hadn¡¯t noticed that Mr. Forkle
had used it, and she hated to snuff out the triumph and enthusiasm she
could see in Keefe¡¯s eyes.
   Still, she forced herself to ask, ¡°Was?¡±
   And her heart thudded into her stomach when Mr. Forkle winced.
   ¡°What do you mean ¡®was¡¯?¡± Keefe asked her.
   ¡°That¡¯s what I¡¯m asking him,¡± Sophie said gently. ¡°Mr. Forkle said
his name ¡®was.¡¯ Not is. Did he legally change it?¡± she asked Mr. Forkle,
trying to give Keefe what little hope she could.
   Mr. Forkle sighed. ¡°No. I said was because I found this.¡± He reached
into his cape and pulled out what looked like a crinkled printout of a
newspaper clipping.

   And at the top, in big black letters, was the word ¡°Obituaries.¡±
               THIRTY-TWO

HE¡¯S DEAD.¡±

   Sophie couldn¡¯t tell who said it.
   There was too much roaring in her ears, between the cold ocean
wind, her frantic pulse, and the ragged breaths she forced herself to
take in.
   But she knew exactly what Keefe was going to say next.
   He looked like he couldn¡¯t decide if he was going to run off and pick
a fight with the gorgodon or hurl all over his shoes as he told them,
¡°My mom had something to do with this.¡±
   Not a question.
   A fact.
   ¡°You don¡¯t know that,¡± Sophie argued, snatching the obituary away
from Mr. Forkle before Keefe could get his hands on it.
   It took her overloaded brain three tries before any of the tiny black-
and-white words sank in.
   ¡°Okay,¡± she said, wishing the three short paragraphs gave a little
more information. ¡°It says here that Ethan Benedict Wright II, and¡±¡ª
her stomach turned¡ª¡°his ten-year-old daughter, Eleanor Olivia
Wright, were struck by a bus outside of the British Library and killed
instantly.¡± She told herself not to picture it. But she¡¯d seen enough
photos of London¡¯s famous red double-decker buses to paint a pretty
gruesome mental picture. ¡°That¡¯s¡­ horrible,¡± she whispered, clearing
the thickness from her throat. ¡°But it was an accident, Keefe. Either the
bus driver got distracted, or Ethan and Eleanor forgot to look both
ways before they crossed the street, or maybe¡ª¡±

   ¡°Or maybe my mom had something to do with it!¡± Keefe finished
for her, turning away and tearing his hands through his hair. ¡°Come
on, Foster. You don¡¯t think my mom could make it look like an
accident? It wouldn¡¯t be hard. One quick mental shove with telekinesis
or a blast of wind from a Guster and¡­¡±

   Sophie squeezed her eyes tight, trying to block the fresh round of
nightmare images.

   ¡°Accidents happen all the time in the Forbidden Cities,¡± she
insisted. ¡°Humans rely on tons of super-dangerous things, and they
just kind of go through life assuming nothing bad will happen to them
¡ªuntil it does.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s true,¡± Fitz agreed. ¡°I was stunned by that the first few times I
visited. I couldn¡¯t believe they weren¡¯t all in a constant state of panic.¡±

   Keefe sighed. ¡°So you guys really think it¡¯s a coincidence that the
same human guy who got a letter from my mom¡ªa letter she had me
illegally bring to the Forbidden Cities and then went to pretty drastic
lengths to erase all my memories of¡ªjust happened to die that same
year? I bet you anything, if I had a way of knowing exactly what day my
mom gave me that letter, we¡¯d see that this ¡®accident¡¯ happened right
around the same time.¡±

   Sophie sighed. ¡°Okay, but why would your mom kill him and his
daughter? Fintan made it sound like she was trying to recruit the guy
¡ªer, Mr. Wright,¡± she corrected, realizing she should probably start
using his name and trying to be a little more respectful of the dead.

   ¡°And Fintan also said the recruiting didn¡¯t work out,¡± Keefe noted.
¡°And the guy¡ªMr. Wright¡ªwould¡¯ve known stuff about what my
mom was planning, so she would¡¯ve had to get rid of him to protect
her secrets. And the daughter either got in the way, or my mom
figured it was just easier to take out the whole family. Who knows?¡±

   ¡°But why risk her sanity on two murders when she could have had
their minds wiped instead?¡± Sophie countered. ¡°We already know she
basically had a Washer on standby.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, but¡ª¡±
   ¡°If I might intercede,¡± Mr. Forkle said, before Keefe could make his
next argument. ¡°I figured this is how the conversation would go, once
I gave you that obituary. And it¡¯s the kind of debate that never actually
leads anywhere because there is far too much speculation and far too
little fact. It¡¯s also exactly the kind of all-consuming distraction that
none of us needs when there are so many urgent matters that require
our attention. So with that in mind, I did a bit of research before I
came here, to see if I could fill in some of the unknowns and ease some
of the worries.¡±
   ¡°I thought you said you came here immediately,¡± Fitz reminded
him.
   ¡°I did come here immediately from Watchward Heath,¡± Mr. Forkle
insisted, ¡°but I also completed some research before I left. And you
should be thankful that I did¡ªand even more thankful that I¡¯m willing
to share what I discovered, because I don¡¯t have to. This was never part
of our arrangement. And my instincts are even cautioning me against
sharing, claiming that none of you are ready for this sort of revelation.
So I need your word that you¡¯ll stay calm and rational and avoid any
reckless behavior, no matter how shocked and appalled you are.¡±
   ¡°Shocked and appalled?¡± Ro repeated, making her way over to Keefe¡¯s
side. ¡°Wow, way to hype it, Forkle.¡±
   ¡°I need everyone to be properly prepared,¡± Mr. Forkle explained.
¡°And that includes you bodyguards. You should be ready to prevent
your charges from making hasty decisions.¡±
   ¡°We always are,¡± Sandor assured him.
   ¡°Just tell us!¡± Keefe demanded.
   Mr. Forkle shook his head. ¡°Not without your word¡ªand you have
to mean it. I need to know that level heads will prevail.¡±
   ¡°Level heads,¡± Keefe muttered under his breath. ¡°Fine. Whatever.¡±
   ¡°There is no ¡®whatever,¡¯¡± Mr. Forkle informed him. ¡°And there¡¯s no
way around this. I¡¯ll say no more unless I have your word.¡±
   Keefe rolled his eyes. ¡°Fine. You have my word. Ugh, it¡¯s not like
this is the first time I¡¯ve found out creepy news about Mommy
Dearest.¡±
   ¡°It isn¡¯t,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed. ¡°And that¡¯s why I need to hear you
specifically say that you won¡¯t be reckless.¡±
   For a second, Sophie wondered if Keefe was going to tackle Mr.
Forkle.
   But he must¡¯ve realized Mr. Forkle was serious because he gritted
his teeth and said, ¡°Fine¡ªI won¡¯t be reckless.¡±
   Sophie and Fitz offered the same oath with a whole lot less venom¡ª
but that didn¡¯t stop Sandor and Grizel from moving to their sides.
Sandor even hooked an arm around Sophie¡¯s shoulder to prevent her
from leaping or teleporting without him.
   ¡°Very well, then,¡± Mr. Forkle said, looking more wary than satisfied.
¡°I suppose you¡¯re sufficiently prepared.¡±
   He turned to pace, and with each plodding step Sophie could almost
feel Keefe¡¯s patience evaporating.
   But somehow Keefe kept his jaw locked and waited.
   And waited a little longer.
   Until Mr. Forkle finally said, ¡°I knew you were going to fear that
your mother¡ªor any member of the Neverseen¡ªwas involved in these
deaths. So I had Mr. Dizznee set up a very specific set of search criteria
for the archive. We checked all the footage from the week before the
accident as well as the footage from the week after the accident,
searching for black-cloaked figures as well as Fintan¡¯s, Brant¡¯s,
Gethen¡¯s, Lady Gisela¡¯s, and Alvar¡¯s faces.¡±

   Fitz sucked in a very sharp breath at the last name. ¡°Did my brother
¡ª¡±

   ¡°No,¡± Mr. Forkle promised. ¡°Though I suppose it¡¯s possible he used
his ability as a Vanisher to hide from my cameras. But I have no record
of him being in London during that time period.¡±

   ¡°What about me?¡± Keefe asked. ¡°Did you check to see if I was
there?¡±

   ¡°I did,¡± Mr. Forkle admitted, taking several agonizingly slow steps
before he added, ¡°and I found no trace of you in any of the footage.¡±

   Keefe blew out a huge breath, bending over and resting his hands
on his knees.

   But his relief only lasted a second before he demanded, ¡°So who was
there? Obviously you found someone.¡±

   ¡°I did.¡± Mr. Forkle glanced at the sky, and Sophie wondered if this
was one of those moments where he was wishing he had his brother
there to help him figure out the right decision.

   But it was just him.
   And he reached into his cape and withdrew a rolled piece of paper.
   Keefe held out his hand expectantly, but Mr. Forkle gave the paper
to Sophie, and she angled herself away from Keefe as she smoothed out
the page.
   ¡°I feel that panic, Foster,¡± Keefe told her as she studied the image
that Mr. Forkle had given her.
   A still from a video camera¡ªa little too dark in certain places and
too bright in others.
   But there was no mistaking the fact that she was staring at Big Ben
¡ªLondon¡¯s most notable landmark.
   And standing in front of it¡ªin a black cloak with the hood flipped
back, like the wind had just knocked it out of place¡ªwas Lady Gisela.

   Keefe¡¯s mother.
             THIRTY-THREE

DON¡¯T MAKE ME RIP THAT paper out of your hands, Foster,¡± Keefe

told her, and Sophie blinked, wondering how long she¡¯d been staring
at the horrifying photograph. ¡°I¡¯ll do it,¡± Keefe warned. ¡°I won¡¯t like it,
but I¡¯ll do it.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯ll try,¡± Sandor corrected. ¡°And you won¡¯t like what happens¡ª
but I¡¯ll enjoy it immensely.¡±

   ¡°Hmm, that¡¯s a tricky dilemma,¡± Ro noted. ¡°It would be fun to watch
my boy get goblin-clobbered. But I¡¯m supposed to protect him¡ªand if I
do, then I get to clobber a goblin, so¡­ decisions, decisions.¡± She held
her hands out on each side of her, dipping them up and down like a
shifting scale.

   ¡°No one¡¯s clobbering anyone,¡± Sophie told them, taking a cautious
step toward Keefe, trying to figure out the best way to guide him
through this latest nightmare.

   He¡¯d had his world ripped out from under him so many times
already.¡­

   But maybe that would make this easier.
   ¡°You know what I¡¯m going to show you,¡± she said carefully. ¡°You
guessed it from the beginning.¡±
   Keefe swallowed hard. ¡°My mom?¡±
   Sophie nodded.
   His knees wobbled hard, and Sophie rushed to steady him¡ªuntil
she realized¡­
   ¡°It¡¯s fine,¡± Fitz said when she glanced over her shoulder, hoping he
couldn¡¯t tell that she¡¯d momentarily forgotten he was there.

   Keefe¡¯s going to need you right now, he transmitted.
   He¡¯s going to need both of us, Sophie corrected.
   Maybe, he conceded. But you¡¯re better at this part.
   Sophie wasn¡¯t so sure about that¡ªbut she closed the distance
between her and Keefe, keeping the photo pressed against her chest as
she wrapped an arm around Keefe¡¯s shoulders.
   ¡°Show me,¡± he told her¡ªthe words more of a plea than a command.
   Sophie pulled him as close as she could and held up the photo.
   Keefe sank to the grass, no longer able to stay standing, and Sophie
sank down next to him, keeping the photo where he could see it.
   And he stared.
   And stared.
   And stared.
   Ro peeked over Keefe¡¯s shoulder. ¡°Wow. Leave it to Mommy
Dearest to make Lord Jerkypants seem like the good parent.¡±
   ¡°She really did kill the guy,¡± Keefe whispered. ¡°And his daughter¡ª
what was she, ten?¡±
   ¡°Yeah,¡± Sophie murmured, glad the obituary hadn¡¯t included a
photo.
   ¡°I mean¡­ I knew it,¡± Keefe said, mostly to himself. ¡°But that¡¯s
different than knowing it, you know?¡±
   Sophie bit her lip, trying to decide if what she wanted to say would
make things better or worse.
   Focusing on truth and facts seemed like it had to be the best way to
go, though, so she reminded him, ¡°Technically we still don¡¯t know that
she killed them. I know coincidences are hard to believe, but they do
happen. It is possible that she went and visited the guy, and then a few
hours later he got hit by a bus¡ªor that he got hit by the bus before
their meeting and she was trying to figure out what happened.¡±

   ¡°That photo is from after the accident,¡± Mr. Forkle chimed in. ¡°It
has a time stamp.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s eyes took a second to find the string of tiny white numbers
hidden in the corner, and if she was reading the time stamp correctly,
then Lady Gisela had been standing in front of Big Ben at 8:14 p.m.

   The obituary said the accident happened at 7:09 p.m.
   ¡°Does anyone know how close Big Ben is to the British Library?¡±
Sophie asked, realizing how silly the question was as soon as she¡¯d said
it.
   She was talking to elves, goblins, and an ogre.
   And yet, Mr. Forkle told her, ¡°I looked it up on the map before I left
my office. It takes an average of fifty minutes to walk from one to the
other¡ªand significantly less time if one takes something they call ¡®the
Tube.¡¯¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s their underground train system,¡± Sophie said, because that
was so much easier to think about than the fact that Lady Gisela
definitely would¡¯ve had enough time to kill Ethan Benedict Wright II
and Eleanor Olivia Wright, and then walk¡ªor ride the Tube¡ªover to
Big Ben for a little sightseeing before she left.
   ¡°See?¡± Keefe asked, obviously picking up on her mood shift. ¡°She
killed them.¡±
   It was looking more and more that way.
   But¡­
   ¡°We still haven¡¯t technically proven anything,¡± she had to point out.
¡°If this was a human murder trial and the only evidence the
prosecution had was this photograph, there¡¯d be plenty of reasonable
doubt. It shows your mom nowhere near the scene of the accident¡ª
and I¡¯m guessing she¡¯s not in the accident footage, either, otherwise
Mr. Forkle would¡¯ve brought that.¡±

   She glanced at Mr. Forkle to verify.
   ¡°Actually, there is no footage of the accident,¡± he informed them.
   ¡°None?¡± Fitz asked.
   Mr. Forkle shook his head. ¡°As I said, the system at Watchward
Heath is unprecedented. But it¡¯s not without its gaps.¡±
   ¡°Well¡­ that¡¯s¡­ convenient,¡± Fitz said slowly. ¡°So the accident just
happened to take place in one of the rare gaps in the Black Swan¡¯s
surveillance? Nobody else thinks that¡¯s odd?¡±
   ¡°Oh, I think it¡¯s very odd,¡± Mr. Forkle told him.
   ¡°And I think it proves my mom did it,¡± Keefe added with a hollow
sort of authority. ¡°Come on, Foster, even you have to admit that¡¯s one
too many coincidences.¡±
   Sophie sighed. ¡°I just¡­ I wish I understood why she would do
something like that.¡±
   ¡°Because she¡¯s a creepy psychopath!¡± Keefe crumpled the photo and
flung it as far as he could¡ªwhich wasn¡¯t all that far thanks to the
wind.
   ¡°Keefe,¡± Sophie called as he stood and stalked to the fence of the
nearest pasture. But he ignored her, leaning against the rails with his
back to everyone.
   ¡°Give him a minute,¡± Mr. Forkle told Fitz when he moved to follow.
   Sophie sighed again and used her telekinesis to retrieve the
crumpled photo, laying it flat on the grass to try to smooth out the
wrinkles.
   ¡°What do you think she¡¯s looking at?¡± Fitz asked as he squatted
beside her.
   ¡°I don¡¯t know¡ªdoes it matter?¡± Sophie wondered. ¡°She¡¯s on a busy
city street. She¡¯s probably trying to avoid a car or a pedestrian or
something.¡±
   ¡°But she¡¯s not moving,¡± Fitz said. ¡°See? Her feet are planted. And

her head is turned to her right, her eyes focused on something taller
than she is.¡±

   He traced Lady Gisela¡¯s invisible eyeline across the photo, following
it up and off the paper, to some point beyond the frame.

   ¡°Well¡­ maybe there¡¯s another building over there?¡± Sophie guessed.
¡°Or a billboard?¡±

   ¡°What do you think she¡¯s looking at?¡± Mr. Forkle asked when Fitz
frowned.

   ¡°I don¡¯t know,¡± he admitted, squinting at the photo and tilting his
head. ¡°I guess it¡¯s not important.¡±

   ¡°I wouldn¡¯t say that,¡± Mr. Forkle corrected. ¡°Do you know that for
the entire five minutes and forty-three seconds of footage that I have
of Lady Gisela standing there, she doesn¡¯t look away from that spot
once? Even when the wind blew back her hood¡ªwhich is the moment
I captured for this still shot¡ªher eyes remain trained on that single
point.¡±

   ¡°Do you know what she¡¯s looking at?¡± Sophie asked him.
   ¡°I have my theories¡± was all Mr. Forkle said. ¡°But they¡¯re just
theories. I checked the feed from every nearby camera and couldn¡¯t get
a view of that portion of the street to confirm.¡±
   ¡°Well that¡¯s¡­ also convenient,¡± Fitz said, reaching up to run a hand
through his hair. ¡°It¡¯s like she knows where your cameras are.¡±
   ¡°That does appear to be the case,¡± Mr. Forkle said, staring up at the
sky. ¡°And it¡¯s not altogether surprising, considering how rarely I¡¯ve
ever captured footage of any members of the Neverseen. I¡¯d just been
hoping that was because they stayed mostly underground or in their
hideouts. But it seems they might know exactly how to evade
detection. Which is particularly unsettling when you consider how
many cameras I¡¯ve hidden.¡±

   ¡°They¡¯re always ahead of us,¡± Sophie muttered, giving in to an
eyelash tug.

   ¡°I wouldn¡¯t say always,¡± Mr. Forkle said. ¡°They¡ª¡±
   ¡°What happened after five minutes and forty-three seconds?¡± Keefe
interrupted, calling the words over his shoulder without turning
around.
   ¡°I¡¯m sorry?¡± Mr. Forkle called back.
   ¡°You said you only had five minutes and forty-three seconds of
footage of her,¡± Keefe clarified, still without looking at anyone. ¡°I¡¯m
guessing it starts when she shows up. But what happens at the end?¡±
   ¡°She¡¯s simply gone,¡± Mr. Forkle told him.
   ¡°So she light leaped?¡± Fitz asked.
   ¡°That¡¯s what I¡¯m assuming,¡± Mr. Forkle said. ¡°But I have no record
of her raising a crystal, so if she did leap away, she must¡¯ve used one of
the Neverseen¡¯s hidden paths¡ªwhich, incidentally, is also what I
believe she¡¯s looking at, tucked into that small portion of the street
that¡¯s shielded from all of my cameras.¡±
   ¡°You mean like the crystal that Dex and I found on one of the
lanterns in Paris?¡± Sophie asked. When he nodded, she had to admit,
¡°I¡¯ve never really understood why that was there. Why go to so much
trouble to hide a crystal in a Forbidden City when you could just use a
home crystal or a pathfinder to leap away?¡±
   ¡°Because those can be lost or damaged,¡± Mr. Forkle reminded her,
¡°and the Lost Cities can only be reached through designated paths.
That¡¯s one of the many ways we keep ourselves hidden from humans¡ª
and why our registry pendants all have a crystal in the pendant. It¡¯s a
fail-safe, in case something unexpected were to separate us from all
other paths. But for the Neverseen¡ªand, admittedly, for the Black
Swan as well¡ªwe have moments when our pendants must be removed
in order to avoid the Council¡¯s tracking. And we take that risk most
often when visiting the Forbidden Cities. So both of our groups have
made the effort to hide a few emergency paths, to ensure we never find
ourselves without a means to get home.¡±

   ¡°So¡­ you¡¯re saying you think one of the Neverseen¡¯s secret leaping
crystals is hidden in London near that giant clock thing?¡± Keefe asked.
¡°On a part of the street where they know the Black Swan can¡¯t see
them?¡±

   ¡°That would be my guess,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed. ¡°And I know what
you¡¯re going to say¡ª¡±

   ¡°I say we go find it,¡± Keefe interrupted.
   Mr. Forkle sighed. ¡°Yes, that¡¯s what I knew you were going to say.
And I think you¡¯re misunderstanding what the crystal is¡ªthe hidden
paths are not meant to go somewhere secret or significant, because
they¡¯re left unguarded. All of the crystals the Collective has hidden
leap to the most innocuous locations we could think of¡ªplaces where
we could blend in should we arrive unexpectedly, but that also have
zero connection to our order in case our enemies find them.¡±
   ¡°Okay, but just because you guys are smart enough to think of that
doesn¡¯t mean the Neverseen are,¡± Keefe argued. ¡°And even if you¡¯re
right, isn¡¯t it worth it to double-check?¡±
   ¡°Of course,¡± Mr. Forkle agreed. ¡°I plan to head there in the wee
hours of the morning, once the streets are empty. And no¡ªyou¡¯re not
invited to come with me. For lots of reasons, but the biggest one being
that where you go, so do an ogre and multiple goblins and many of
your friends, all of whom create far too much spectacle for such a
simple task¡ªeven at that early of an hour.¡±
   ¡°Uh, the ogre and goblins don¡¯t have to come with us,¡± Keefe
reminded him.
   ¡°Yes, we do!¡± Sandor stalked over to Sophie and grabbed her arm
again to keep her at his side.

   ¡°You think Foster can¡¯t take you down right now if she wants to?¡±
Keefe asked with a sharp, bitter laugh.

   A very un-Keefe laugh.
   Mr. Forkle must¡¯ve noticed too, because he told him, ¡°This is why I
made you promise to stay calm and rational and avoid any reckless
behavior.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, well, then you proved my mom¡¯s a murderer, so excuse me
for freaking out a little,¡± Keefe snapped, tearing a hand though his
hair.
   Mr. Forkle narrowed his eyes. ¡°Would it help if I promise to report
back on everything I find?¡±
   ¡°No, because I don¡¯t want to know what you find. I want to know
what I find. I¡¯ve been to London. I¡¯ve walked some of those streets¡ª
and who knows? Maybe I¡¯ve even used that path my mom used to
leave. I can¡¯t remember it because SHE ERASED MY MEMORIES SO I
WOULDN¡¯T REALIZE SHE WAS KILLING PEOPLE!¡±
   He paused to catch his breath.
   Mr. Forkle shook his head. ¡°If Big Ben held any significance to you,
the photo alone would¡¯ve triggered the memory.¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s not true and you know it! Memories aren¡¯t only triggered by
sights. Sound plays a role too. Smell. Taste. Touch. Even emotions. So
we all know my best shot at recovering the memories is to walk those
streets again. And I need to get them back.¡± His voice broke, and he
looked away, tearing at his hair some more. ¡°The guy¡¯s dead, Forkle.
And his daughter. She killed them. And I might know why. I
might¡¯ve¡­¡±
   He didn¡¯t finish the sentence, but Sophie could see the worry in his
eyes.
   The voiceless fear that he was partly to blame, because he¡¯d
delivered that letter.

   Or maybe that he¡¯d played an even larger role and had yet to fit
those pieces together.

   ¡°I don¡¯t care about safe or smart right now,¡± Keefe added quietly. ¡°I
care about finding the truth. Just let me walk those streets. That¡¯s all
I¡¯m asking.¡±

   Mr. Forkle dragged a hand down his face. ¡°Fine. Give me a few days
to properly prepare and I¡¯ll get you to London, and¡ª¡±

   ¡°I see zero advantage to waiting,¡± Keefe interrupted.
   ¡°And what about spontaneity?¡± Sophie added, realizing how close
Keefe was to unraveling. ¡°It worked great when Dex and I went, and
¡ª¡±
   ¡°That was a very different situation,¡± Mr. Forkle cut in. ¡°You were
going somewhere totally random and leaving in a matter of minutes¡ª
not heading to a location with a proven connection to the Neverseen
and planning to spend untold minutes wandering around. Also, I feel
the need to point out that just because a somewhat reckless decision
worked out once doesn¡¯t mean you can use that as a standard of
measure for all similar situations.¡±
   Keefe¡¯s hands curled into fists. But it was the worry and panic
dulling his ice blue eyes¡ªmixed with something so much darker¡ªthat
had Sophie transmitting, I can sneak us to London tonight¡ªbut you need
to stop fighting, otherwise Ro will be watching you too closely.
   She opened her mind to his thoughts so he could ask, You¡¯re serious?
   Amazingly, she was.
   She believed in the power of spontaneity.
   Mostly, though, she¡¯d seen Keefe like this before¡ªdangling by such
a very, very thin thread. There was too high of a risk that it would snap
and he¡¯d run off without her.
   Can you slip away from Ro? she asked.
   Can YOU slip away from Sandor? he countered.
   I think so. Meet at the swings at your house at midnight?
   That¡¯s too late, Keefe argued. We don¡¯t know what Forkle means by ¡°wee
hours of the morning,¡± and we need to be out of there before he shows up.
   Okay, how about eleven o¡¯clock?
   He chewed his lip and glanced at Fitz, who could clearly tell they
were communicating telepathically.
   Which meant Mr. Forkle could surely tell as well.
   And the bodyguards.
   ¡°Thank you,¡± Sophie said out loud, trying to cover. She sent Keefe a
quick Go with me on this, before she turned to Mr. Forkle and said, ¡°He
said he¡¯ll wait two days and then he¡¯s going there on his own. Seems
like a pretty fair compromise to me.¡±
   Mr. Forkle¡¯s forehead puckered, and Sophie couldn¡¯t tell if it was
with suspicion or displeasure at being bossed around. All he said was,
¡°I¡¯ll make the arrangements.¡±
   Sophie nodded, careful not to look at Keefe as she transmitted, So
we¡¯re on for eleven?
   You¡¯re sure you¡¯re up for teleporting after the ability-resetting thing? he
thought back.
   I¡¯m fine. Just play it cool until eleven o¡¯clock¡ªbut not so cool that Ro gets
suspicious.
   His mental voice sounded slightly wobbly as he told her, Thank you.
   Yeah, well, remember that feeling of gratitude when you have to deal with
however Ro punishes you. I¡¯m pretty sure flesh-eating bacteria will be
involved.
   Probably, he agreed. But it¡¯s worth it.
   He thanked her again. And right as she was about to sever the
connection between them, he added, Oh, and Foster? Make sure you
bring Fitz.
              THIRTY-FOUR

YOU GOT AWAY FROM RO?¡± Sophie whispered, the words barely

louder than the soft sigh of the waves lapping against the moonlit
shore.

   ¡°Kinda,¡± Keefe whispered back from somewhere in the darkness.
She couldn¡¯t see him, but she could hear his footsteps on the patio,
padding closer¡ªwhich actually felt kind of ominous given the strange,
shifting shadows cast by the swings. ¡°I¡­ might¡¯ve laced her dinner
with some of the amoebas she¡¯s been breeding to punish my dad when
he¡¯s being particularly fun, and she hasn¡¯t been able to leave my
bathroom ever since. I also barricaded my room juuuuuuuuust in
case.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s jaw fell open, and it took her a minute to get her mouth
working again. ¡°Um, you realize she¡¯s going to kill you tomorrow,
right? Like¡­ you legitimately need to fear for your life.¡±

   ¡°Oh, I know. I mean, I have a plan to make it up to her. But I also
have an escape route ready to go.¡± A hint of shine nearby caught her
attention, and she realized he¡¯d flashed a smile¡ªsomething she hadn¡¯t
expected to see after watching him spin so close to a breakdown
earlier.

   It felt like proof that she was doing the right thing¡ªeven if there
was also a very good chance that it was a phenomenally bad idea to
sneak away without their bodyguards like this.

   We¡¯re being spontaneous, she told herself.
   It worked before with Dex.
   Spontaneous. Spontaneous. Spontaneous.
   ¡°What about you? How¡¯d you get away from Sandor?¡± Keefe asked.
   ¡°Honestly? I have no idea,¡± she admitted. ¡°I set up my bed outside
again¡ª¡±
   ¡°You¡¯ve been sleeping outside?¡± Keefe interrupted. ¡°That wasn¡¯t
just something you did for the reset?¡±
   Sophie shook her head¡ªthen realized he probably couldn¡¯t see that.
¡°I know it¡¯s ridiculous because my room is huge, but¡­ it keeps feeling
like the walls are closing in. And I figured tonight it¡¯d also be way
easier to sneak away if I was already outside. So I left the Cliffside gate
unlocked, put a robe on over my clothes, and waited for Sandor to go
check in with Flori. And then I threw off my robe, slipped on my
boots, and ran for it¡ªbut I swear, Sandor must¡¯ve guessed what I was
planning because he caught up to me so fast. I totally thought it was
over. But I channeled everything I could into sprinting and¡­ I don¡¯t
know. One second the cliffs seemed really far away and Sandor was
right behind me, and the next I was at the cliff¡¯s edge and Sandor was
too far back to do anything except shout a bunch of threats as I
jumped.¡±
   ¡°Maybe the ability reset amped up some of your skills, too?¡± Keefe
suggested. ¡°And your channeling is stronger now?¡±
   ¡°Maybe,¡± Sophie agreed, not sure if she liked that idea.
   Obviously, the stronger she was the better, but¡­
   She was starting to feel like she was losing control of her own body,
between the new enhancing gadgets and the extra layers of gloves¡ª
and pockets full of even more backup gloves¡ªand the fact that she
still had no idea how her inflicting worked.
   ¡°Don¡¯t worry about Sandor,¡± Keefe told her, probably
misunderstanding her mood shift. ¡°Unlike my bodyguard, he¡¯s not one
for revenge. You just have a lot of lectures in your future.¡±
   ¡°Probably,¡± Sophie said, trying not to think about the last thing
Sandor had shouted before she¡¯d cracked the sky and slipped into the
void.

   If something happens to you or your friends, you¡¯re going to have to live
with it!

   ¡°Anyway,¡± she said, choking down the bile on her tongue, ¡°we
should head out.¡±

   They¡¯d be fine.
   This was just a quick trip.
   They were being spontaneous.
   Spontaneous. Spontaneous. Spontaneous.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure Sandor¡¯s guessed where I¡¯m going and woken Grady and
Edaline by now,¡± she added, squinting at the dark silhouette of the
Shores of Solace, half expecting lights to flare and shouting to erupt
any second.
   ¡°What about Fitz?¡± Keefe asked, and Sophie could¡¯ve smacked
herself.
   Had she seriously forgotten about her boyfriend again?
   ¡°I¡¯m here,¡± Fitz¡¯s accented voice whispered from somewhere over by
the sand, and Sophie was glad the darkness hid her embarrassment
from him. ¡°Sorry to be a little late.¡±
   ¡°Problems getting past Grizel?¡± Keefe asked.
   ¡°Nah, she was easy. I made it sound like I was sneaking off to talk to
Sophie about something, and she agreed that we could use a little
snuggle time.¡±
   No one seemed to know what to say to that.
   Fitz cleared his throat. ¡°Biana¡¯s the one who slowed me down. She
cornered me with a billion questions, and I honestly wouldn¡¯t be
surprised if she¡¯s about to appear with a ¡®TA-DA! I followed you!¡¯¡±
   She didn¡¯t.
   ¡°Well, that¡¯s good,¡± Fitz said. ¡°Does that mean we¡¯re ready?¡±
   ¡°I think so.¡± Sophie took a deep breath to steady her nerves. ¡°Will
you do the levitating, Fitz?¡±
   She wasn¡¯t sure how long her energy was going to hold, so she
needed to conserve it. Plus, after the weirdness with her channeling,
there was a chance she¡¯d blast them all the way up to the Point of
Purity or something.
   ¡°Of course,¡± he told her. ¡°Happy to be needed.¡±
   There was no chiding subtext to his tone¡ªbut Sophie still felt her
cheeks burn when she thought about how little she¡¯d relied on Fitz
lately.
   ¡°Thank you,¡± she whispered as she took his hand, holding her
breath for the first few seconds, wondering if Dex¡¯s gadgets¡ªand the
three pairs of gloves she was wearing¡ªwould do their job.
   They did for Fitz.
   Not so much for Keefe¡ªthough he assured her the effect wasn¡¯t a
problem.
   ¡°Do you think Mr. Forkle¡¯s right?¡± she asked as Fitz floated the
three of them off the ground, fast enough to make her stomach lurch.
¡°Did that green breeze you sent me during the reset change our
connection, and that¡¯s why you¡¯re so sensitive to my enhancing now?¡±
   ¡°I guess it¡¯s possible,¡± Keefe admitted.
   ¡°What green breeze?¡± Fitz asked.
   ¡°Just an Empath trick,¡± Keefe told him. ¡°Nothing special.¡±
   Sophie was pretty sure it had been special¡ªbut she stopped herself
from saying that. Because Fitz had helped her that day too. And even
though she couldn¡¯t remember anything specific about it, she knew
he¡¯d done everything he could to guide her through.
   ¡°I do think Forkle¡¯s right about you being able to control the ability,
though,¡± Keefe added quietly. ¡°I mean, I¡¯m sure all of his ¡®journeys of
self-discovery¡¯ stuff made you want to throw things at his head¡ª¡±
   ¡°Yep,¡± Sophie agreed.
   ¡°But, I don¡¯t think you have to be all deep and fancy-pants about it. I

bet if you just treat it like solving one more Foster Mystery, you¡¯ll
figure it out.¡±

   ¡°Okay, but how?¡± Sophie countered.
   ¡°I think it¡¯s mostly about finding the source,¡± Fitz told her.
¡°Following the power in your fingertips to the reserves it¡¯s coming
from and building some sort of¡­ inner barrier that you can raise and
lower whenever you want. Setting boundaries for yourself, if that
makes sense.¡±
   ¡°It does and it doesn¡¯t,¡± Sophie hedged.
   Several long seconds passed before Keefe told her, ¡°See, I think it¡¯s
simpler than that. I think the boundaries are already there and you just
need to start bossing your abilities around. Think of it like¡­ leading
Team Awesome!¡±
   ¡°Team Valiant,¡± Sophie corrected.
   ¡°Nope, I¡¯m now officially naming your abilities Team Awesome,¡±
Keefe decided. ¡°And it¡¯s time for you to show them you¡¯re their Lady
Fos-Boss.¡±
   Sophie rolled her eyes. ¡°You can¡¯t boss an ability around.¡±
   ¡°Oh, I think you can, I think you can.¡±
   ¡°I have no idea what that means,¡± Sophie told him.
   ¡°Neither do I,¡± Fitz agreed. ¡°But more important, I¡¯m pretty sure
we¡¯re high enough now, and it¡¯s not exactly easy keeping us steady
with all of this wind, so¡­ think we can get to the teleporting part of
this journey?¡±
   Sophie stared at the glints of moonlight reflecting off the ocean far
below, realizing this was one of those turning-point moments¡ªthe
kind that could all too easily end up being something they¡¯d look back
on and think, That¡¯s where it all went wrong.

   ¡°Before we do this,¡± she said, clearing the catch out of her throat, ¡°I
need you to promise me, Keefe, that you¡¯ll remember why we¡¯re there.
I¡¯m bringing you to London to see if it triggers your memories¡ªnot to
go Neverseen hunting. So if we find a crystal to a hidden path, we¡¯re
not using it.¡±

   ¡°But¡ª¡±
   ¡°We¡¯re not using it,¡± Sophie repeated. ¡°We¡¯re being spontaneous¡ª
not insane. Promise me you understand that.¡±
   It got really, really quiet.
   ¡°In case it matters,¡± Fitz murmured, ¡°I understand. And I promise.¡±
   More silence.
   ¡°I mean it, Keefe,¡± Sophie told him. ¡°Tonight is about investigating
only¡ªnot taking dangerous risks. If you won¡¯t promise that¡ªand mean
it¡ªthen I¡¯m having Fitz set us back down.¡±
   Keefe sighed. ¡°Fine, I promise.¡±
   ¡°And mean it,¡± Sophie emphasized. ¡°Convince me that I can trust
you.¡±
   ¡°You can trust me, Foster,¡± Keefe assured her, tightening his grip
on her hand. ¡°I know I¡¯ve made huge mistakes in the past, but I¡¯m
trying to learn from them¡ªand the last thing I ever want to do is let
you down. Okay?¡±
   Nothing about what they were doing felt okay anymore.
   But¡­ she believed him.
   And they¡¯d come this far.
   Please don¡¯t let this be a mistake, Sophie thought, sending the plea to
every star twinkling around them before she told Fitz, ¡°Drop us!¡± and
they plummeted into the void.
The time on Big Ben said 11:11 p.m., which probably meant that
London was somehow on the same time zone as the Lost Cities¡ª
something Sophie would have to put more thought into later.

   At the moment, her focus was on staying out of sight.
   London was busier than she¡¯d been expecting at such a late hour¡ªa
steady stream of cars and buses on the roads, pedestrians wandering
every shadowed sidewalk¡ªand while Sophie had managed to swipe
Grady¡¯s obscurer before she left, their little group still felt very
exposed.
   It didn¡¯t help that their clothes stood out a lot more than Sophie had
wanted. She¡¯d tried her best¡ªher magenta jacket and white ruffled
tunic didn¡¯t look that different from the coats and shirts that some of
the humans were wearing, and she¡¯d layered different socks over her
leggings to try to make the layered gloves on her hands seem like a
fashion statement. But she¡¯d decided to wear her cape, thinking its
warmth might come in handy given London¡¯s reputation for cold,
foggy weather. And Fitz and Keefe looked like boy princes in their
capes and embroidered jerkins.
   ¡°We have to stay together,¡± Sophie reminded Keefe, pulling him
back to her side when he tried to head toward what might¡¯ve been
Westminster Abbey¡ªshe wasn¡¯t sure. She was still getting her
bearings, trying to match the famous landmarks in front of her¡ªeach
lit with a warm, golden light against the night sky¡ªwith the pictures
she¡¯d seen in human books and the photo they¡¯d seen of Keefe¡¯s mom.
   ¡°Then come with me,¡± Keefe told her. ¡°The point is for me to
wander around, right?¡±
   ¡°It is¡ªbut I didn¡¯t know it was going to be so crowded, so we need
to figure out a strategy,¡± Sophie warned. ¡°It¡¯s not going to be easy
moving as a group of three without bumping into anybody¡ªand don¡¯t
step into the street unless I tell you it¡¯s safe,¡± she added, jerking him to
a stop as he moved toward the crosswalk. ¡°There are all sorts of rules
about when it is and isn¡¯t your turn, and if you don¡¯t follow them¡­¡±

   She didn¡¯t say any more, certain he remembered Ethan and
Eleanor¡¯s obituary.

   ¡°Fine, but can we please get moving?¡± Keefe asked, and the frantic
edge to his voice made him sound a lot more like he had earlier. He
trailed his hand along the iron fence and narrowed his eyes, like he
was trying to concentrate on the feel of the metal. Or maybe he was
taking in all of the nearby sounds. ¡°Nothing¡¯s familiar here. I need to
find something familiar.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯re going the wrong way,¡± Fitz told him, pulling something
crumpled out of his pocket.

   It took Sophie a second to realize he¡¯d brought the photograph of
Lady Gisela¡ªand it was hard not to hug him for thinking of that.

   He pointed to the parliament building. ¡°This is what your mom was
standing in front of. It¡¯s just hard to tell which part of the building
specifically, since it all kind of looks the same¡ªand the clock is so
huge that you can see it from lots of angles. Hmm.¡±

   He held up the photo and waved it around, like he was trying to
piece it into a puzzle.

   ¡°Okay, but none of this is triggering any memories. Even the smell
isn¡¯t familiar.¡± Keefe sucked in a deep breath through his nose,
coughing in the process.

   ¡°Yeah, the air here¡¯s really thick,¡± Fitz said, crinkling his nose,
¡°between the fog and the pollution and that weird damp smell. Are we
near a river?¡±

   ¡°The Thames,¡± Sophie agreed, pointing to the lights on the bridge
ahead, which happened to be the same direction that Keefe¡¯s mom had
been looking in the picture. ¡°That might be a good way to go,¡± she told
Keefe, ¡°since you can see a lot from the river, like the London Eye and
the Tower Bridge and the Tower of London and¡ª¡±

   ¡°A river doesn¡¯t sound familiar,¡± Keefe interrupted. ¡°What about
the library? Which way do we go to find that?¡±

   ¡°I¡­ don¡¯t know,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°I¡¯ve never been there before¡ªor
seen pictures.¡±

   And she hadn¡¯t bothered to look it up before they¡¯d left, because she
hadn¡¯t planned on walking that far.

   Fifty minutes.
   At night.
   Just the three of them.
   That would be a little too much spontaneity.
   And they couldn¡¯t take the Tube. Not dressed the way they were¡ª
and not without knowing what stop they¡¯d need to take. Plus, they
didn¡¯t have any money to buy tickets, or a handy Technopath to help
them make a birth fund withdrawal.
   More important, though¡­
   What happened if she brought Keefe to the scene of the accident
and something about it felt familiar?
   That was a kind of truth that there would be no going back from.
   She hadn¡¯t considered that when she¡¯d offered to bring Keefe to
London¡ªhadn¡¯t realized this little visit could make everything So.
Much. Worse for him.
   ¡°Think we can ask someone for directions?¡± Keefe wondered.
   Sophie shook her head a little too vigorously. ¡°We can¡¯t let anyone
see us.¡±
   ¡°Why not?¡± Keefe argued. ¡°You bought gelato in Florence! And you
bought those super-dry biscuits with Dex!¡±
   ¡°I know, but¡­¡± She tried to think of a good excuse, and the best she
could come up with was ¡°We¡¯re already taking enough risks. No
bodyguards. Elvin clothes. Zero preparation. Dark streets with too
many shadows¡ªand we know the Neverseen come here. I don¡¯t think
we should add anything else to the mix.¡±

   ¡°Fine,¡± Keefe said, running a hand down his face. ¡°We¡¯ll just¡­ start
walking and hope we see a sign or something.¡±

   ¡°I think we should start by figuring out what your mom was looking
at,¡± Fitz told him, locking his knees so Keefe couldn¡¯t drag their group
forward. ¡°Once we start wandering, we might never find our way back
here.¡±

   ¡°I agree,¡± Sophie said, jumping on any excuse to keep Keefe away
from the library. ¡°We need to know if there¡¯s a hidden path.¡±

   ¡°Why?¡± Keefe demanded. ¡°You already said we¡¯re not going to
follow it. And Forkle¡¯s going to look for it later. And let¡¯s not forget
that there¡¯s a chance Sandor¡¯s let him know we snuck off¡ªand if he
has, I¡¯m sure Forkle will guess we came here. So we want to get as far
from this place as possible, so he can¡¯t haul us back home before we¡¯re
ready.¡±

   ¡°But what if it¡¯s not a hidden path?¡± Fitz countered, dragging Keefe
and Sophie down the sidewalk. ¡°Knowing might be important. Come
on¡ªit¡¯ll only take a few minutes to find it.¡±

   But it took them ten minutes just to find the exact spot where Lady
Gisela had been standing.

   Then the real work began.
   And with each passing minute, Keefe got antsier and antsier.
   ¡°It¡¯s hard to tell,¡± Fitz said, squinting in the same direction that
Lady Gisela was looking in the photograph. ¡°I think it might have
something to do with that sign for the Underground, but¡­ I don¡¯t
know.¡±
   ¡°Maybe,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°They could probably hide something
pretty easily in all of that wrought iron. Though¡­ would the beam of
light really be able to reach her all the way over here? Seems like the
crystal would have to be closer, wouldn¡¯t it?¡±

   ¡°Probably true,¡± Fitz admitted, ¡°unless the crystal¡¯s up high and
angled to hit a pretty strong beam of sunlight.¡±

   ¡°I guess,¡± Sophie said. ¡°But this is London. It doesn¡¯t get that many
bright sunny days, so it seems like they¡¯d have a lot of times when their
path wasn¡¯t usable.¡±

   Keefe paced around the limited space covered by their obscurer.
¡°Why are we still here? None of this is familiar.¡±

   ¡°That¡¯s good, though, isn¡¯t it?¡± Sophie asked, keeping her voice
extra chipper. ¡°If you¡¯ve never been here, then¡ª¡±

   ¡°Then I still have no idea where I actually went,¡± Keefe cut in, ¡°or
what I did. I thought that¡¯s why we came here¡ªyou said this was
about triggering my memories.¡±

   ¡°I know. Just¡­ give us a few more minutes,¡± Sophie pleaded. It was
now 11:39. If she could stall the wandering a little bit longer¡ªlike,
maybe until 11:45¡ªthey¡¯d definitely have no time to get anywhere near
the library, because she was planning to use midnight as the ¡°we need
to get home and face the consequences of our actions¡± handy cutoff,
but Keefe would still get fifteen solid minutes of exploring time. ¡°I
promise, we¡¯ll¡ª¡±

   ¡°Wait,¡± Fitz interrupted, placing a hand on Sophie¡¯s shoulder. ¡°Did
something just sparkle in that metal piece under the light bulb of the
streetlamp?¡±

   Sophie followed the angle of his stare, which did look similar to the
angle that Lady Gisela¡¯s head had been tilted in the photograph.

   And there did seem to be something glittering where he was
pointing¡ªbut it was hard to tell with it being so dark.

   ¡°I guess it¡¯d make sense to build the path into a streetlamp,¡± she
realized. ¡°That way it¡¯s still usable on a rainy day. Maybe that¡¯s why
they chose the lantern in Paris, too.¡±
   ¡°Oh, that¡¯s true,¡± Fitz said. ¡°I didn¡¯t think of that. I¡¯m going to

levitate up there and check.¡±
   Sophie tightened her grip on his hand. ¡°You can¡¯t. We only have one

obscurer¡ªand people would definitely notice a cute guy in a cape
flying up to the top of the streetlamp.¡±

   ¡°So what you¡¯re saying is¡­ you think I¡¯m cute,¡± Fitz noted with a
grin.

   Keefe groaned. ¡°If you guys go Fitzphie on me right now, I swear,
I¡¯ll drag us all into the river.¡±

   ¡°Or how about I levitate us up to the top of the streetlamp and we
check for a hidden crystal?¡± Fitz countered.

   ¡°There¡¯s no need,¡± a familiar voice informed them¡ªa voice that
made Sophie want to scream or hide or find something really sharp to
fling.

   But she did none of those things.
   Neither did Keefe or Fitz.
   They simply stared in fascinated horror at the black-cloaked figure
striding through the middle of the street, making all the cars honk and
swerve around them.
   ¡°Congratulations!¡± Lady Gisela shouted, tossing back her hood. A
net of beaded silver covered her immaculate blond updo¡ªprobably
some gadget meant to block abilities¡ªand her ice blue eyes studied
her son with the strangest mix of delight and disdain as she added,
¡°You found what you were looking for!¡±
               THIRTY-FIVE

A THOUSAND THOUGHTS SCREAMED THROUGH SOPHIE¡¯S head.

   Strategies.
   Problems.
   Solutions.
   But one word clawed its way to the front of the chaos.
   Inflict.
   This was why she¡¯d reset her abilities.
   The thing Lady Gisela wasn¡¯t prepared for.
   Their chance for escape¡ªfor victory!
   Inflict. Inflict. Inflict.
   But when Sophie dived into her rage and terror, the darkness didn¡¯t
boil over.
   It stayed deep in her mind, stewing and brewing¡ªwaiting for¡­
something.
   A spark to the kindling.
   A burst of energy.
   A command Sophie didn¡¯t know¡ªand couldn¡¯t figure out.
   She wanted to wail and thrash and squeeze her brain until it
surrendered¡ªbut she didn¡¯t have time for any of those things.
   ¡°Looks like the moonlark¡¯s learned some restraint,¡± Lady Gisela
said as she strode up onto the sidewalk, only steps away from them.
   Her face looked extra pale in the glow of the streetlight, turning
downright ghostly when her cheeks pulled into a warped smile. After
Fintan¡¯s betrayal, Lady Gisela had been covered in curved scars¡ªbut
those were gone now, replaced by skin stretched too tightly across her
bones.

   ¡°How can you see us?¡± Sophie wondered as she backed up,
positioning herself between Fitz and Keefe.

   The pedestrians around them still didn¡¯t seem to be able to tell they
were there¡ªand no one seemed to see Keefe¡¯s mom anymore either.
Several people were shouting to each other, wondering where the
¡°freaky lady¡± had gone. Others were scurrying into the night, trusting
their instincts over their eyes.

   Sophie wished she could tell them all to run faster.
   But they wouldn¡¯t hear her.
   ¡°Obscurers can easily be detected¡ªand controlled,¡± Lady Gisela
explained to her. ¡°And put the weapon away, Keefe,¡± she ordered.
   Sophie¡¯s heart stopped when she turned and spotted the goblin
throwing star clutched in Keefe¡¯s right hand¡ªand the hateful
determination in his eyes.
   His mom wagged a finger at him, like he was a naughty toddler.
¡°None of that. We¡¯re going to have a quick chat¡ªand we¡¯re going to
keep it free of flying weapons, since those could hit any of these nice,
innocent people trying to be brave and stick to their paths. You
wouldn¡¯t want to harm anyone else, would you?¡±
   ¡°What do you mean ¡®else¡¯?¡± Keefe spat through gritted teeth, rising
so easily to her bait.
   His mom smiled wider. ¡°You know very well who I mean. Why
would we be here otherwise?¡±
   The blow was aimed perfectly, and Keefe stumbled back, his body
shaking, shaking, shaking.
   Sophie tried to reach for him, but he pulled too far away.
   ¡°You can drop the knife, Fitz,¡± Lady Gisela added, and Sophie spun
around, gaping at the finger-length dagger she hadn¡¯t noticed in Fitz¡¯s
hand.
   Apparently, she¡¯d been the only one too naive to bring any weapons.
   If something happens to you or your friends, Sandor had warned her,

you¡¯re going to have to live with it!
   But her abilities were supposed to protect her.
   And this was supposed to be a quick visit.
   A spontaneous visit.
   ¡°How did you know we were here?¡± she whispered, even though she

could probably guess Lady Gisela¡¯s answer.
   ¡°Unlike the Black Swan, we monitor our paths closely,¡± Lady Gisela

told her. ¡°This one in particular, since I knew my son¡¯s journey would
soon lead you here. It actually took you longer than I expected for you
to put everything together. It¡¯s been somewhat disappointing¡ªthough
I suppose you¡¯ve been busy playing mascot to the Council. Look at you,
wearing their shiny Regent pin on your cape, even as you rebel. Such
mixed signals. Such bravado. And I mean it, Fitz¡ªdagger down.¡±

   ¡°Or what?¡± Fitz countered, raising the blade and squinting one eye
¡ªlining up his aim. ¡°You keep giving orders, but all I see is a Polyglot
in an ugly cloak who knows how to manipulate her son¡¯s emotions.
Without one of Ruy¡¯s force fields to shield you, I don¡¯t see why I can¡¯t
end you right here, right now.¡±

   Lady Gisela inclined her head. ¡°You know, I believe you really
would do it. Such a dark side you¡¯ve turned out to have. Particularly
ironic given how much you condemn your brother¡ªand yet I see more
violence in your eyes than I¡¯ve ever seen in his.¡±

   Fitz gripped his dagger harder. ¡°I have no problem ending the
enemy. My conscience will be clear.¡±

   ¡°Will it?¡± Lady Gisela asked, raising one eyebrow when Fitz
nodded. ¡°You know, I almost want to let you do it. It¡¯s always
fascinating to witness the folly of arrogance. But I¡¯m not done with our
Shade yet. So allow me to show you why you won¡¯t be hurling any
weapons at me¡ªand neither will my son. This is why you¡¯re going to
cooperate for the rest of this conversation.¡±

   She backed up a step, giving her widest smile yet as she
commanded, ¡°Show yourself.¡±

   And the shadows in front of her thinned and faded¡ªas if someone
was peeling back a series of dark veils one by one, revealing a second
black-cloaked figure with outstretched arms, standing as a living
shield in front of Lady Gisela.

   And Sophie knew¡ªknew¡ªwho the figure had to be.
   She clutched her stomach, trying to hold herself together as Lady
Gisela pulled back the figure¡¯s hood, revealing a familiar face half
hidden by dark, silver-tipped bangs.
   And there was genuine fear in his silver-flecked eyes as Sophie
whispered, ¡°Tam?¡±
                THIRTY-SIX

LAUGHTER DRAGGED SOPHIE OUT OF her shocked daze.

   Joyless, hysterical laughter that went on and on¡ªuntil Keefe was
clutching his sides and wiping tears from his cheeks.

   ¡°Enough with the theatrics,¡± Lady Gisela told him.
   Keefe snorted. ¡°You¡¯re complaining about my theatrics? Isn¡¯t this
the epic showdown you¡¯ve been planning where you order Tammy Boy
to kill me? Thanks for the warning about that, by the way,¡± he told
Tam. ¡°As you can see, it worked super well.¡±
   Lady Gisela¡¯s eyes narrowed, studying Tam like she was seeing him
for the first time¡ªand making it glaringly clear that she¡¯d had no idea
he¡¯d passed along any messages.
   Which made the threat against Keefe all the more horrifying.
   Sophie stepped in front of him.
   ¡°Oh, relax,¡± Lady Gisela told her. ¡°Like I said, I¡¯m only here for a
quick chat.¡±
   ¡°Aw, but the setting is so perfect!¡± Keefe argued. ¡°The misty air.
The shadowy street. The strange human sounds¡ªare those sirens?
Seems like an awesome moment to murder your only son, don¡¯t you
think?¡±
   Lady Gisela sighed. ¡°Must everything be a joke to you?¡±
   Keefe considered that for a second before he said, ¡°I wanna say yes
¡ªbut you know what I don¡¯t find funny? I¡¯m really not a fan of you
thinking you can scare me.¡±
   ¡°I do scare you, Keefe. I terrify you. And only part of that is because
of what you think you know about me.¡± She took a step closer. ¡°We
both know that what really frightens you is how very alike we are.¡±

   ¡°We¡¯re nothing alike,¡± Keefe snarled, holding up the throwing star
again.

   ¡°Go ahead,¡± Lady Gisela told him. ¡°I guarantee the only person
you¡¯ll hit is Tam.¡±

   ¡°Wow, look at you¡ªcowering behind your little Shade,¡± Keefe
snapped back.

   ¡°If you realized how powerful Tam is, you¡¯d be cowering too,¡± Lady
Gisela insisted. ¡°But that¡¯s not what I came here to tell you. It¡¯s time to
focus, Keefe. Time to listen. Time to stop fighting who you are and
what you¡¯re meant to do. I¡¯ve tried to be patient. Tried to push you and
test you and prepare you any way I could. But you¡¯re still not ready,
and we¡¯re drawing very close to the day when you have to step up and
accept your legacy.¡±

   Keefe cracked up again. ¡°Yeah, I¡¯ll get right on that.¡±
   ¡°I hope you do,¡± Lady Gisela told him. ¡°Because you don¡¯t actually
get a choice in the matter. Either you embrace the change or it will
destroy you.¡±
   ¡°What does that mean?¡± Sophie demanded.
   Lady Gisela smiled. ¡°You¡¯ll see.¡±
   Sophie glanced at Tam¡ªand the horror in his eyes told her how
seriously she needed to take these threats.
   Ominous music filled the air, as if Sophie¡¯s life had turned into the
climax of a scary movie¡ªand it wasn¡¯t until the first BONG! that
Sophie realized the sounds were coming from Big Ben.
   Chiming midnight.
   Telling them it was time to go.
   BONG!
   BONG!
   BONG!
   ¡°Why don¡¯t you run?¡± Fitz shouted to Tam over the next BONG!
¡°She¡¯s just a Polyglot¡ªyou¡¯re way stronger than she is. And we can
keep Linh safe.¡±
   ¡°There you go with your arrogance again!¡± Lady Gisela shouted
back.
   BONG!
   ¡°I swear, Tam¡¯s the only smart one in your entire group,¡± she added.
¡°The only one who knows exactly what will happen to everyone he
cares about if he defies me.¡± BONG! ¡°The only one who doesn¡¯t lie to
himself about his vulnerabilities.¡± BONG! ¡°But just in case he has a
moment of foolishness¡ªshow them, Tam.¡±
   Another BONG! crashed through the air as Tam raised his hands¡ª
and Sophie braced for an attack, wishing they had Maruca there to
shield them.
   But no shadows shifted, and no darkness poured out of his skin.
   Instead, the sleeves of his cloak slipped down to his elbows,
revealing an almost blinding glow.
   BONG!
   Sophie¡¯s eyes burned as they tried to focus on Tam¡¯s wrists, but all
she could tell was that the light had a strange sort of solid quality,
wrapping around like bracelets.
   Or bonds.
   BONG!
   And there was such shame in his stare.
   But also such strength.
   And such pride.
   And Sophie knew that regardless of what the light was, or how the
Neverseen were trying to control him, Tam was still resisting them any
way he could.
   So when his shadow darted toward hers during the final BONG! and

filled her mind with a single word, she knew he meant it¡ªknew it was
the last warning she¡¯d get before things turned really, really ugly.

   GO! he told her.
   And Sophie would have enough time to grab Fitz¡¯s and Keefe¡¯s
hands and levitate them high enough to teleport away.
   But she was done running.
   And with that surge of absolute confidence, something clicked into
place inside her.
   All the dark rage and terror that had been boiling away in her mind
turned red-hot and ready to burst.
   And she wanted to unleash it all.
   Wanted to let everything boil and burn.
   But something green lingered in the corners of her mind, cooling
her thoughts enough to remind her that the real secret to her power
was staying in control.
   So in one smooth motion she tugged her gloves free and tapped her
fingers, reaching for the two people in her life who always kept her
anchored. And she clung to them with all the strength she had, feeling
heat and lightning shock through their palms as her feet lifted off the
ground and her rage found a new kind of clarity.
   A new level of focus.
   A single target.
   She had to make it count, so she reached into her heart, gathering
all the emotions pooled there too, a swell of purple and blue that mixed
with the red¡ªhot and cold, fire and ice, rage and love, and fear and
courage blasting out of her mind exactly where she wanted it.
   She couldn¡¯t stop the frenzy once it started.
   Had to let every drop of it pour out of her.
   And when the fever faded and her feet drifted back to solid ground,
she pulled her hands free and studied what she¡¯d done.

   Lady Gisela lay in a heap, limbs twitching, eyes rolled back into her
head¡ªin agony, but still alive.

   And Keefe¡¯s eyes were on Sophie¡ªnot his mom. Pure worry was
etched between his eyebrows as he asked, ¡°Are you okay?¡±

   ¡°I am,¡± she promised, amazed at how steady she was on her feet.
   How clear her head felt.
   How much energy thrummed through her body, despite how much
she¡¯d just blasted away.
   Fitz cleared his throat. ¡°So¡­ that was new. Is that how you inflict
now?¡±
   ¡°I think it might be.¡± But they needed to focus on more important
things. ¡°Someone grab her,¡± she ordered. ¡°I¡¯m not sure how long the
frenzy will last, and we need to get her somewhere we can properly
restrain her.¡±
   Tam was the closest, and his eyes looked dazed as he squatted down
and heaved Keefe¡¯s mom over his shoulder.
   ¡°I told you to run,¡± he mumbled.
   ¡°I know, but isn¡¯t this better?¡± Sophie asked. ¡°Now we can rip that
gadget off her head and probe her mind for all her secrets.¡± She turned
to Keefe. ¡°Anything we want to know. Your missing memories. Your
legacy. We can find it all.¡±
   Keefe blinked. ¡°It¡¯s¡­ almost over.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s not, though,¡± Tam warned as he stumbled to his feet, his knees
nearly buckling under Lady Gisela¡¯s deadweight. ¡°There¡¯s so much
more you don¡¯t know. Keefe¡¯s legacy is only one tiny piece.¡±
   ¡°We¡¯ll figure out the rest,¡± Sophie promised.
   Tam looked so heartbroken when he shook his head. ¡°You won¡¯t.
That¡¯s why I have to do this.¡±
   His meaning clicked a second too late.
   Just enough time for Sophie to shout, ¡°DON¡¯T!¡± and Tam to meet
Keefe¡¯s eyes and tell him, ¡°Stay away from me!¡±
   Then darkness poured out of his hands despite the glowing bonds
around his wrists, and the thick, inky black puddled on the ground.
   ¡°Stay away from me,¡± Tam repeated as he stepped into the darkness,
disappearing with Lady Gisela into the shadows.
             THIRTY-SEVEN

THEY¡¯RE GONE.¡±

   Sophie, Fitz, and Keefe all said the words at the same time¡ªbut
their tones were completely different.

   Sophie sounded shocked.
   Fitz sounded furious.
   And Keefe sounded¡­
   ¡­ broken.
   He started shaking right after, and Sophie and Fitz shared a look
that seemed to say, It¡¯s going to take both of us to get him through this,
without either of them needing to actually transmit the words.
   So they pooled their consciousnesses together and wrapped the
warmth around their shivering, crumbling friend before they leaped
the three of them back to the safety of the Lost Cities.
   A large crowd was waiting for them in the Havenfield pastures,
despite the late hour, since Sandor had indeed woken Grady and
Edaline with news of Sophie¡¯s reckless behavior¡ªand word must have
spread rather quickly from there, because they now found themselves
facing Flori. And Alden. And Della. And Grizel. And Biana. And
Woltzer. And Lord Cassius. And Mr. Forkle. And Tiergan. And all
twelve Councillors. And the rest of Team Valiant. And Lovise. And
Elwin. And Livvy.
   Even Marella and Maruca had turned up, since Marella had a way of
finding out about everything.
   The only people missing were Ro¡ªwho was still surviving the war
between her stomach and the amoebas¡ªand Bo and Linh, which was a
huge relief, since Sophie had no idea how to tell Linh about Tam¡¯s
betrayal, or whether they should even be calling it that.

   Keefe, unsurprisingly, wasn¡¯t nearly as conflicted.
   Once his shock wore off, there was a lot of yelling.
   And kicking the ground.
   And finding stuff to fling as hard as he could.
   There was even one brief moment where Sophie was pretty sure
he¡¯d been crying.
   That was when she led him over to Calla¡¯s Panakes tree and made
him sit on her pile of pillows, wrapping him in one of the blankets to
try to calm his shivers.
   Soft melodies whispered through the leaves, and Sophie hummed
along to help him find the rhythm.
   ¡°I know you can¡¯t understand the lyrics,¡± she said quietly, ¡°but it¡¯s a
really peaceful song about shifting seasons and the forest growing
stronger each day. Will you close your eyes and try to listen?¡±
   He sighed. ¡°It was almost over, Foster. We had her.¡±
   ¡°I know.¡± She hugged him as hard as she could¡ªnot caring who
was watching. Surely no one would fault her for being a good friend
after what Keefe had just gone through.
   ¡°We had her,¡± Keefe said again. ¡°And Tam would¡¯ve been free if
he¡¯d just come with us.¡±
   Maybe not.
   Sophie stopped herself from voicing the words.
   Just like she stopped herself from reminding Keefe that when he¡¯d
been with the Neverseen, there¡¯d been a moment when he¡¯d chosen to
help Alvar escape instead of fleeing with her and her friends.
   They¡¯d have that conversation later. Once Keefe had calmed down.
And once she¡¯d had more time to process what had happened¡ªbecause
even if Tam did have a good reason for what he¡¯d done, it could still
end up being the kind of mistake they¡¯d all pay the price for.

   ¡°Just try to rest for right now,¡± she told Keefe, calling Wynn and
Luna over to snuggle with him. ¡°I have to go answer more questions.¡±

   Keefe nodded blankly. ¡°We had her, Foster.¡±
   ¡°We did,¡± she agreed. ¡°And we¡¯ll get her again¡ªfor good this time.¡±
   She repeated the vow in her mind as she stood to head back to the
group.
   And maybe Keefe thought she couldn¡¯t still hear him as she walked
away.
   Or maybe it was too big of a worry to keep to himself.
   But as he reached for a blanket, she heard him mumble, ¡°We¡¯d
better do it fast. Otherwise I¡¯m going to have to face my legacy.¡±

Poor Fitz looked pretty shaken by whatever bombardment of questions
he¡¯d endured while Sophie was getting Keefe settled.

   And Sophie didn¡¯t blame anyone for being upset¡ªor for demanding
answers.

   She also felt seriously horrible for how much they¡¯d worried
everybody.

   But when it came time to discuss proper punishment, she had a few
things to say first.

   ¡°I know what I did was dangerous¡ª¡±
   ¡°What we did,¡± Fitz corrected, reaching for her hand¡ªwhich was
buried under several layers of gloves again.
   ¡°It was my idea,¡± Sophie argued.
   ¡°Doesn¡¯t matter,¡± Fitz insisted. ¡°I chose to go with you¡ªand I¡¯d do
it again.¡±
   ¡°So would I,¡± Sophie admitted, tangling their fingers together as she
turned back to face the others. ¡°That¡¯s what I was going to say. I know
this was dangerous. And I know you¡¯re all stressed out and mad at me
because of it¡ªespecially you, Sandor. And I get why. Just like I also
realize how lucky I am that all three of us made it back unharmed.
But¡­ I don¡¯t regret going. And if I had to do it all over again, I¡¯d still
sneak away.¡±

   ¡°Even though you didn¡¯t accomplish anything you set out to do by
going?¡± Mr. Forkle asked.

   ¡°We accomplished some of it,¡± Sophie argued.
   ¡°Yeah, we found their hidden path,¡± Fitz added.
   And if Lady Gisela was to be believed, they¡¯d also gotten an answer
to whether or not Keefe was involved in what happened with the
accident¡ªthough Sophie was still holding out hope that his mom had
been playing one of her mind games in that moment.
   ¡°We also learned that Lady Gisela¡¯s planning something for Keefe
soon,¡± Sophie added. ¡°And that Tam¡¯s warning about what she wants
him to do is probably true. And we saw those weird glowing bracelet
things they¡¯re using to keep Tam in line¡ª¡±
   ¡°Yeah, about those,¡± Elwin interrupted, ¡°when you get a minute, I¡¯d
love to see a projection of what they looked like.¡±
   ¡°So would I,¡± Wylie agreed. ¡°I don¡¯t understand how light would
control a Shade.¡±
   ¡°I have a few theories,¡± Elwin said, mostly to himself.
   ¡°Do any of those theories involve quintessence?¡± Mr. Forkle asked
him, and Sophie¡¯s insides tangled tighter at the word.
   ¡°All of them, actually,¡± Elwin admitted, which did not help Sophie¡¯s
knotted-up feeling.
   ¡°Then it sounds like you and I need to have a longer conversation,¡±
Mr. Forkle said, rubbing one of his temples. ¡°I¡¯ll project some images
of the bonds for you¡ªI¡¯ve already seen Miss Foster¡¯s and Mr. Vacker¡¯s
memories of them.¡±

   ¡°You have?¡± Sophie and Fitz asked in unison.
   ¡°Yes. When you run off in the middle of the night, sending everyone
you care about into a panic¡ªand then turn up with stories of
accidental showdowns against our enemies¡ªyou lose the right to
insist I follow the rules of telepathy. Though, for the record, I only
searched your London memories.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s eyes narrowed. ¡°Pretty sure you wouldn¡¯t be okay with that
logic if we tried to use it on you,¡± she snapped back¡ªbut now wasn¡¯t
the time for a huge fight. ¡°Next time try asking. And¡­ at least we
learned something useful, right?¡±
   ¡°The showdown wasn¡¯t an accident, either,¡± Fitz corrected. ¡°Lady
Gisela said the Neverseen have been watching that path, waiting for us
to show up. She just didn¡¯t count on Sophie¡¯s inflicting being so
strong.¡±
   ¡°Which is the most important thing that happened tonight,¡± Sophie
jumped in. ¡°We proved that I can handle problems by myself.¡±
   ¡°Sounds like you handle them best when you¡¯re with Mr. Sencen
and Mr. Vacker,¡± Bronte noted.
   ¡°They did help,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°So they should probably be a part
of Team Valiant¡ªbut we can argue about that later. Right now, my
point is¡±¡ªshe turned to Mr. Forkle¡ª¡°you guys did your job. Now that
my abilities are working right, I can tell, I¡¯m¡­ pretty powerful. And I
have a bunch of crazy-powerful friends¡ªand I can enhance them to
make them even more awesome if I need to. So now¡­ I think you guys
need to realize that sometimes you¡¯re going to have to trust that we¡¯ll be
okay without you¡ªand yes, I am including you in this, Sandor. I¡¯m
honored that you¡¯re willing to risk your life to protect me¡ªand most
of the time I¡¯m happy to have you at my side¡ª¡±
   ¡°Happy?¡± Dex repeated. ¡°I dunno¡ªI¡¯ve heard an awful lot of
bodyguard grumbling.¡±

   ¡°So have I,¡± Biana agreed.
   ¡°As have I,¡± Sandor emphasized.
   ¡°You¡¯re right,¡± Sophie admitted, meeting Sandor¡¯s eyes. ¡°And I
shouldn¡¯t have done that. I wouldn¡¯t be alive right now if it wasn¡¯t for
you¡ªand I¡¯m not saying I don¡¯t want your help anymore. I¡¯m just
saying¡­ sometimes I¡¯m going to need you to trust me to do things on
my own¡ªand while I know that¡¯s not going to be easy for you, at least
tonight proves that I can protect myself.¡±
   Sandor gripped his sword, and Sophie braced for his usual
determined declaration of ¡°I go where you go.¡±
   Instead, Mr. Forkle jumped in. ¡°We know, Miss Foster.¡±
   ¡°You do?¡± Fitz asked, pointing to the rest of the bodyguards in their
group, who were all grinding their teeth. ¡°Do they know? ¡¯Cause it
doesn¡¯t really look like it.¡±
   ¡°They¡¯re not happy,¡± Mr. Forkle admitted, ¡°which proves how
fortunate we are to have their protection. Not only do they defend their
charges faithfully, but they¡¯ve even allowed themselves to care¡ªwhich
is truly remarkable when you think about it. But there¡¯s a reason I
didn¡¯t leap to London and drag you all home by your ears¡ªand I
assure you, it¡¯s not because I didn¡¯t consider it, or because your
families and bodyguards didn¡¯t want me to. In fact, there were times
tonight when I suspected Sandor was considering taking my head off.¡±
   ¡°I was,¡± Sandor told him, his squeaky voice deeper than usual.
   Deadly serious.
   Mr. Forkle grinned. ¡°Again, such astounding loyalty. And yet,
despite that pressure, I chose to leave the three of you alone to fend for
yourselves¡ªand it was also not because I enjoy allowing you to risk
your lives more than anyone else standing before you. Nor did I expect
an uneventful evening. And still, I left you alone because I fear that as
these challenges continue to escalate, our enemies are going to target
each of you individually. And the better prepared you are for those
moments, the more likely you¡¯ll be to survive them.¡±

   Dex cleared his throat. ¡°Well, I feel all warm and fuzzy now.¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re not meant to,¡± Mr. Forkle informed him. ¡°You¡¯re meant to
take this very, very seriously. The stakes have never been higher¡ªand I
fear we¡¯re still far from the pinnacle. So if you want us to trust you, you
must prove yourselves capable and ready. Which means, Miss Foster,
that the next time you decide on a bodyguard-free mission, you¡¯ll
discuss that plan before you put it into effect.¡±
   ¡°I can do that,¡± Sophie agreed, ¡°as long as it doesn¡¯t turn into hours
and hours of debating.¡±
   ¡°It won¡¯t,¡± Mr. Forkle assured her. ¡°If you can articulate valid
reasons that the task will have a better chance for success with a
smaller group¡ªand outline a brief plan of action¡ªyour parents and
bodyguards have assured me that they¡¯ll agree. You¡¯ll also run into no
problems from anyone in the Black Swan¡ªor the Council.¡±
   ¡°Really?¡± Sophie asked, studying the twelve intimidating faces she¡¯d
been doing her best to ignore up until that point.
   ¡°Trust is a powerful thing, is it not?¡± Councillor Emery asked.
   ¡°But it must not be abused,¡± Tiergan added.
   ¡°It won¡¯t be,¡± Sophie promised everyone.
   ¡°I hope not,¡± Mr. Forkle told them, ¡°because I¡¯ve also convinced
your parents and bodyguards not to punish you for running off the way
you did tonight.¡±
   ¡°I tried to tell Mom and Dad not to listen, but they¡¯re being boring,¡±
Biana told Fitz, ¡°so hopefully they¡¯ll remember this the next time I
cause a bunch of drama.¡±
   ¡°Or you could choose to not cause any drama,¡± Alden suggested,
looking a little more tired than Sophie was used to.

   But it was the middle of the night.
   ¡°It should be noted,¡± Lord Cassius said, ¡°that my son¡¯s bodyguard
was not here to concede to this agreement¡ªand considering the state
I last saw her in, and her general temperament, it might be best for
Keefe to not come home tonight. Not until I¡¯ve had a chance to discuss
all of this with the ogre princess.¡±
   Sophie couldn¡¯t imagine a single scenario where that conversation
would end well. But when she glanced over to where she¡¯d left Keefe,
he was nestled into the pillows, sound asleep. So it didn¡¯t seem weird
at all to say ¡°he can stay here¡±¡ªuntil Stina, Dex, Biana, and Grady all
stared at her like she¡¯d offered to cuddle with the gorgodon.
   ¡°I meant he can stay there,¡± she explained¡ªthen quickly added,
¡°and I¡¯ll obviously stay in my room tonight. I just¡ª¡±
   ¡°That makes sense,¡± Fitz jumped in. ¡°If he actually fell asleep, we
shouldn¡¯t wake him up.¡±
   And he sounded like he meant it¡ªwhich made Sophie want to
throw her arms around him and tell him he was the best, most
understanding boyfriend ever.
   But that also would¡¯ve earned her weird stares.
   So she kept her mouth shut, grateful when Edaline broke the silence
by yawning and suggesting they all call it a night.
   No one argued. Even when Sophie told her teammates she¡¯d check
in with them the next day¡ªand told Mr. Forkle and Elwin she wanted
to know what they had discussed about Tam¡¯s glowing bonds.
   ¡°Thank you,¡± she told Fitz when he pulled her in for a goodbye hug
before he leaped away.
   ¡°For what?¡± he asked.
   ¡°For trusting me,¡± she whispered. And when he gave her one of his
perfect smiles, she really, really, really wanted to kiss him.

   But it had been a very long day.
   And the timing still felt wrong¡ªespecially after everything that
happened in London.
   So she just hugged him again and told him, ¡°Good night.¡±

¡°I get why you¡¯ve been sleeping out here,¡± Keefe called without
turning to look at Sophie as she made her way over to check on him
the next day. ¡°I seriously can¡¯t remember the last time I slept for so
long.¡±

   It was already a little past noon.
   But no one had wanted to wake him up earlier.
   Even Grady had begrudgingly admitted that after the emotional
turmoil of the day before, Keefe probably needed all the rest he could
get.
   ¡°I think it must be Calla¡¯s songs,¡± Sophie told him, trying not to
grin when she noticed Keefe¡¯s hair, which looked like it had been
chewed on by baby alicorns. ¡°But Wynn and Luna help too.¡±
   ¡°They do.¡± He patted one of the pillows piled next to him, and
Sophie took him up on the invitation, fidgeting a little when he turned
to study her. ¡°So.¡±
   ¡°So,¡± she repeated, not sure what else to say to that.
   ¡°I¡¯m guessing you didn¡¯t sleep much, since you let me steal your
spot, huh?¡± he asked.
   ¡°Actually, I did. Really,¡± she added when he raised one eyebrow.
¡°Silveny helped me fall asleep, which was nice, since she hasn¡¯t done
that in a while.¡±
   ¡°Aww. Is Mama Glitter Butt overwhelmed by the twins? I can see
why. I woke up about an hour ago, and I¡¯ve been watching them wreak
havoc all over the pastures. That teleporting thing they do is crazy.¡±
   Sophie frowned. ¡°Teleporting thing?¡±
   ¡°I think that¡¯s what it is. That thing where they slip in and out of

sight?¡±
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°I have no idea what you¡¯re talking about.¡±
   ¡°Really?¡± He craned his neck, trying to find Wynn and Luna¡ªbut

they didn¡¯t seem to be anywhere nearby. ¡°They only do it when they¡¯re
running really fast. At first I thought they were vanishing or
something, but then Luna ended up ducking in and out of the
pterodactyl¡¯s enclosure, and you guys keep that locked, right? So I
don¡¯t see how she could do that unless she¡¯s slipping in and out of the
void.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s frown deepened.
   Keefe¡¯s theory would solve the mystery of how Wynn and Luna kept
sneaking into the gorgodon enclosure.
   ¡°But¡­ you have to free-fall to teleport,¡± she said, not sure if she was
arguing with him or herself.
   ¡°That¡¯s what I thought too,¡± Keefe admitted. ¡°But you know what it
kind of reminded me of? Remember that time at Everglen, not long
after you and Dex were rescued? We were playing base quest and you
did that Amazing Flying Foster routine, and we all wondered when
you¡¯d learned how to blink? Wasn¡¯t that before you figured out that
you could teleport?¡±
   ¡°It was,¡± Sophie said as her mind slowly dredged up the memory.
She hadn¡¯t thought about that moment in months and months and
months. ¡°I actually realized later that some of the things I¡¯d felt when
that happened were things that reminded me of teleporting.¡±
   ¡°See?¡± Keefe said. ¡°Maybe it¡¯s something all baby alicorns do when
they¡¯re learning how to master their power.¡±
   ¡°Uh, except I wasn¡¯t a baby alicorn¡ªand I¡¯d be very careful with the
next joke you make, Smirking Boy,¡± Sophie warned, ¡°because if it has
the words ¡®horse girl¡¯ in it, I¡¯m not giving you your present.¡±

   ¡°You got me a present?¡± Keefe asked, his eyebrows rising when she
patted the satchel slung across her shoulders.

   ¡°I did. Had to make a very special trip to go get it for you too¡ªand
enlist a little help to make it happen. So what were you going to say?¡±

   ¡°I¡­ I don¡¯t know.¡± He reached up to run a hand through his hair and
seemed to realize for the first time that his current hairstyle could
serve well as a nest for small animals¡ªand his cheeks turned very, very
red. He cleared his throat. ¡°Does that mean I get my present?¡±

   ¡°I suppose,¡± Sophie said, tempted to tease him more first, since he
was so clearly thrown off his game. But she flipped open the satchel
and pulled out the crinkly yellow-and-brown package, setting it
proudly in his lap.

   ¡°You¡­ got me E.L. Fudges?¡± Keefe asked, doing an adorable double
take between her and the cookies.

   Sophie nodded proudly. ¡°Well, technically my sister stole them from
my parents¡¯ pantry so I wouldn¡¯t have to deal with converting lusters
to dollars and finding a grocery store and whatnot. It was hard enough
convincing Grady and Edaline to let me teleport to see Amy without all
of that. So a couple of cookies are missing, but Amy said they opened
the package last night and they¡¯re still fresh. Besides, we all know what
you really care about is¡ª¡±

   ¡°The fact that they¡¯re shaped like tiny elves!¡± Keefe said, clapping
his hands before he pointed to the label. ¡°Hang on¡ªthey call them
¡®elfwiches¡¯?¡±

   ¡°They do, Keefe. They do. And that¡¯s not even the best part.¡±
   ¡°AHHHHHH LOOK AT THEIR LITTLE FACES!¡± Keefe shouted
as he peeled back the plastic cover. ¡°THIS IS THE GREATEST
THING I HAVE EVER SEEN¡ªEVER!¡±
   ¡°Greater than when you discovered Fitz slept with Mr. Snuggles?¡±

Sophie had to ask.
   ¡°Um. Yeah. They have names, Foster. NAMES!¡± He held up one of

the cookies and pointed to the name tag the little elf was holding.
¡°This one¡¯s Ernie! AHHH AND THIS ONE IS FAST EDDIE!¡± he said,
snatching a different cookie. ¡°And this one is Buckets! And Elwood! I
don¡¯t know who named these guys, but whoever they are, they¡¯re a
genius, I tell you¡ªa GENIUS. Also, I think Elwood kind of looks like
me, doesn¡¯t he?¡±

   He held the cookie up to his face and raised his other hand in a
wave, just like Elwood¡¯s pose, and Sophie couldn¡¯t hold back her
giggle.

   ¡°He has your smirk,¡± she agreed.
   ¡°Yup, he¡¯s a good-looking elf-y cookie. And wait¡ªthere¡¯s writing
on the back.¡± He flipped the cookie over. ¡°What does ¡®from the Hollow
Tree¡¯ mean?¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s where the Keebler elves make their cookies.¡±
   Keefe snorted. ¡°Of course they do¡ªwhy didn¡¯t I think of that?
Humans are my favorite. Though, this one says ¡®uncommonly good,¡¯
and this one says ¡®uncommonly made¡¯¡ªso it sorta seems like the dude
deciding this stuff was running out of words, doesn¡¯t it? But whatever,
he gave us Fast Eddie, so I¡¯ll forgive him. And wait, why does this one
say ¡®dunk head first¡¯?¡±
   ¡°The cookies taste best dunked in milk, so they¡¯re saying to dunk
the head first before you eat it.¡±
   He blinked, turning the cookie back over to stare at the little elf.
¡°Woooooooow, that got DARK. Poor Buckets. I didn¡¯t really think
about how weird it was going to be, eating food with a little face on it
staring at me¡ªespecially a little elf-y face. Look at his little ears! And
his little hat! Humans are cruel. But here we go.¡­ Sorry, Buckets, dude
¡ªknow your sacrifice was for a noble cause.¡± He raised the cookie to
his mouth and flipped it at the last second, biting off the feet instead of
the head. ¡°I don¡¯t know why that seemed less brutal, since he totally
has no legs now. But it made sense in the moment¡ªand more
important¡­ eh.¡±

   ¡°Eh?¡± Sophie asked.
   ¡°I mean¡ªdon¡¯t get me wrong. It¡¯s way better than those biscuit
things you brought me last time. But it¡¯s still kinda dry and boring.¡±
   Sophie had to agree. And yet she still helped herself to a cookie,
each bite tasting like childhood.
   ¡°Thank you, by the way,¡± he said, tucking the extra cookies he¡¯d
pulled out carefully back into the container. ¡°This was really amazing,
Foster. No, I mean it¡ªdon¡¯t try to shrug it off. This¡­ is the nicest
thing anyone¡¯s ever done for me¡ªby a lot.¡±
   ¡°Well¡­ I think that¡¯s mostly because your parents have set the bar
really low.¡±
   ¡°They have,¡± Keefe agreed, and as his smile faded, Sophie wished
she could take the words back.
   But she¡¯d gotten the E.L. Fudges for him because she knew he was
going to need them.
   ¡°I¡¯m done freaking out,¡± he told her, clearly picking up on her
worries. ¡°I mean¡­ the next time I see Bangs Boy, I¡¯m going to kick him
somewhere extra sensitive. But until then¡­ there¡¯s nothing I can do,
right? My mom¡¯s still out there, still planning my great ¡®legacy¡¯¡ª
which apparently includes murdering a guy and his ten-year-old
daughter¡ª¡±
   ¡°You don¡¯t know that,¡± Sophie interrupted. ¡°That easily could¡¯ve
been another one of your mom¡¯s lies. And I thought of something we
can do that might help us get a little closer to the truth¡ªor find some
other clues about what she¡¯s planning.¡±

   ¡°Hmm. That sounds like good news¡ªuntil your emotions hit me and
it¡¯s a whole lot of DOOM and WORRY, so I¡¯m guessing I¡¯m not going
to like this new tactic?¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m sure it won¡¯t be your favorite, but¡­ I also think it¡¯ll be worth
it.¡± She finished the last of her cookie, trying to get rid of the sour
taste on her tongue. But nothing could block the fresh surge of bile
that came with having to tell Keefe, ¡°Fitz hasn¡¯t gotten anywhere with
his search of your dad¡¯s memories. And I¡¯m starting to think you¡¯re
right. That kind of search might be a little more than his telepathy can
handle. So¡­¡±

   ¡°You want to make it a job for Fitzphie?¡± Keefe guessed¡ªwhich
she probably should¡¯ve expected, since the whole Cognate thing
usually made them stronger together.

   But¡­
   ¡°Actually, I think your dad has gotten too good at pushing Fitz
around,¡± she told him. ¡°And the best way to find what we need is for
me to take him on, one-on-one.¡±
   Keefe closed his eyes, looking about as green as the tree on the E.L.
Fudge package.
   ¡°I can handle him,¡± she promised.
   ¡°I know,¡± he mumbled. ¡°And I¡¯m sure you¡¯re probably right. I just¡­
ugh, I have a feeling this is exactly what he wanted.¡±
   ¡°I thought of that,¡± Sophie agreed.
   She hadn¡¯t forgotten Lord Cassius saying, ¡°The ideal candidate
would¡¯ve been young Miss Foster,¡± the day he¡¯d first told them he was
having Fitz help with the project.
   But it made her lips curl with a smile.
   And Keefe¡¯s lips cracked with the tiniest hint of a smirk when she
told him, ¡°So maybe it¡¯s time your dad learns that he should watch
what he wishes for.¡±
              THIRTY-EIGHT

LORD CASSIUS¡¯S OFFICE WAS EVERY bit as immaculate and elegant as

Sophie had come to expect from the rooms in the Shores of Solace,
with its wide ocean-view windows and beach-toned decor. The
massive silver desk didn¡¯t have a single fingerprint dulling its shine.
And the mother-of-pearl bookshelves were filled with books of the
exact same height and width, with the same seafoam blue spines, as if
he¡¯d had them all rebound to match¡ªor bought hundreds of the same
volume purely for the aesthetic. The stiff white armchairs filling the
center of the room looked as if they¡¯d never once been sat in, and the
marble floor was so heavily polished, it felt slippery under Sophie¡¯s
shoes.

   But one corner was different. Nestled near a small, flickering
fireplace was a dark blue recliner that was so worn and well loved, it
almost looked lumpy. And that was where Lord Cassius sat waiting,
next to a small table strewn with scrolls and notebooks and a window
with a perfect view of a hidden cove filled with dark rocks and beach
grass and a stretch of smooth white sand.

   ¡°You seem surprised,¡± he noted as Sophie and Keefe made their way
over.

   Sandor had chosen to stand guard outside of the office, mostly
because they were fully expecting Ro to exact some sort of epic
revenge and he wanted to ensure that Sophie wasn¡¯t caught in the
cross fire.
   Sophie shrugged. ¡°I guess I assumed your office would be more of a
personal shrine.¡±

   She¡¯d heard plenty of stories about the life-size statue he had of
himself, along with entire rooms displaying his accomplishments.

   ¡°At Candleshade, it is,¡± Lord Cassius told her, his gaze turning
somewhat distant as he added, ¡°but not this office. This place is not
meant to be seen by anyone other than me.¡±

   ¡°Well then, lucky us,¡± Keefe said, dragging one of the never-used
armchairs closer to his father with a cringeworthy
SCREEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAACH. ¡°Have a seat, Foster¡ªyou¡¯ll
probably be here awhile.¡±

   Lord Cassius sighed. ¡°Fitz has had no problem remaining
standing.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, well, Fitzy¡¯s been coming here hoping you¡¯ll feed him some
tiny crumb of information about his brother¡ªwhich I¡¯m assuming you
haven¡¯t done yet, because it keeps him from doing all the things you
don¡¯t want him doing, like getting himself a stupid chair.¡± He made a
point of moving a second armchair over with an even louder
SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAACH and plopped
down onto it, propping his feet on his dad¡¯s cluttered table. ¡°But we
don¡¯t need anything, sooooooooo¡­ we¡¯ll do what we want.¡±

   ¡°If that¡¯s true,¡± Lord Cassius said quietly, ¡°I wonder why you¡¯re
bothering with this at all.¡±

   Keefe shrugged. ¡°Just trying to settle a bet. Lotsa people wagering
on how fast Foster¡¯ll put poor Fitzy¡¯s skills to shame.¡±

   ¡°We both know that isn¡¯t true.¡± Lord Cassius¡¯s eyes focused on his
hands, and he studied his fingernails as he asked, ¡°What did your
mother say to you yesterday¡ªspecifically? I heard the summary, but
not her actual words.¡±

   ¡°Why do you care?¡± Keefe countered.
   ¡°Because your mother is a master of saying one thing and meaning
another, and you were always too afraid of her to properly learn how to
speak her language.¡±

   Keefe snorted. ¡°I wasn¡¯t afraid of her. I mean, I probably should¡¯ve
been, since she was sneaking around murdering people, but¡ª¡±

   ¡°You were terrified,¡± Lord Cassius insisted. ¡°Because she gave you
just enough love to show you how wonderful it could be if she truly
cared for you¡ªand then casually withheld the rest, leaving you
wondering where you went wrong, and trying to figure out how to fix
it, and being constantly afraid that you¡¯d lose what little you had.¡±

   A beat of painful silence passed as Keefe shifted uncomfortably in
his chair. ¡°You sound like you know that feeling well.¡±

   It was Lord Cassius¡¯s turn to shrug. ¡°Like father, like son.¡±
   Sophie could picture it all so clearly¡ªthe miserable dynamic that
Keefe grew up with in his parents¡¯ cold, ostentatious tower. And all
she wanted to do was squeeze into his chair so she could wrap her
arms around him and prove that someone cared.
   But she¡¯d made Keefe two promises before he brought her there.
   One: She¡¯d do her best to avoid the memories she knew he probably
wouldn¡¯t want her to see.
   And two: No matter what she saw, she would never pity him.
   What she was feeling in that moment definitely wasn¡¯t pity¡ªbut
Keefe probably wouldn¡¯t see it that way.
   ¡°Okay,¡± she said, taking a seat in the chair that Keefe had dragged
over for her¡ªand loving the way Lord Cassius¡¯s jaw tightened when
she curled her knees up and rested her feet on the clean white fabric.
¡°I¡¯m pretty sure the one thing we all agree on is that none of us want
this to take any longer than it needs to. And you already know how this
works, since you¡¯ve been doing it with Fitz, so you don¡¯t need me to
explain anything to you, right?¡±
   ¡°Does that mean there won¡¯t be any fancy moonlark tricks to wow
me with the wonders of your telepathy?¡± Lord Cassius asked.

   Sophie matched his smug smile. ¡°I don¡¯t need tricks to wow you.
That¡¯ll happen naturally, when I crash through every wall you put up
and find all the things you think you can hide from me.¡±

   Keefe whistled. ¡°Okay, I¡¯m not sure where all of this Foster
confidence is coming from, but I¡¯m here for it!¡±

   Sophie¡¯s cheeks warmed a little¡ªbut not that much.
   Because she was feeling confident.
   Maybe her head was still thrumming from the unbridled force of her
inflicting.
   Or maybe it was because she¡¯d been a Telepath since she was five
years old.
   Either way, she knew beyond any doubt that her mind was powerful.
   And Lord Cassius, for all of his bravado, was very, very weak.
   She double-checked her fingernail gadgets¡ªand her four layers of
gloves¡ªbefore reaching for Lord Cassius¡¯s temples, since he was an
Empath and his sensitivity to her enhancing would probably be
stronger.
   ¡°The memories I want you to ignore are tinted purple,¡± he told her.
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°That¡¯s not how this works. You don¡¯t get to
decide what stays secret.¡±
   With that, she pressed her gloved fingers against his skin¡ªrelieved
when no warmth from her enhancing sparked between them¡ªand
shoved her consciousness into his mind, without bothering to ask for
permission.
   His mental barriers shredded like paper, and she crashed into the
center of his thoughts, where everything was¡­
   Quiet.
   And tidy.
   And still.
   Usually minds were a rush of color and motion and sound and
energy¡ªlike being surrounded by thousands of flickering holograms,
each broadcasting its own vibrant soundtrack.
   But Lord Cassius¡¯s head was like stepping into a vast, pristine
library¡ªrun by the kind of overzealous librarian who yelled at people
for moving the books and took great pleasure in shushing anyone who
made the slightest noise.
   A lifetime¡¯s worth of memories loomed around Sophie in ten
precariously arranged stacks. Houses of cards tinted red, blue, green,
orange, gold, silver, pink, white, black, and purple¡ªas if Lord Cassius
had been categorizing each of his thoughts and experiences before
meticulously tucking them away.
   Sophie wasn¡¯t sure what the other colors meant¡ªbut she knew he
wanted her to stay away from purple, so¡­
   You¡¯re so much like my son, Lord Cassius thought as Sophie focused
on the shaky tower of violet-stained memories, wondering what would
happen if she slammed her consciousness against it.
   Would it all come toppling down?
   As soon as you know something¡¯s forbidden, he told her, it¡¯s all you want.
I often wonder if that¡¯s part of the appeal for¡ª
   Sophie didn¡¯t bother listening to the end of that sentence, too lost in
the purple-tinted memory she¡¯d focused on. The scene was slightly
faded and blurred, since Lord Cassius didn¡¯t have a photographic
memory, but Sophie could still easily tell that she was watching a
much younger version of him retrieve books from his locker in the
Level One atrium at Foxfire.
   He looked so uncannily like his son at that age that Sophie would¡¯ve
thought she was watching Keefe¡ªif she hadn¡¯t known that Keefe had
skipped that particular grade level.
   Then again, Lord Cassius also lacked Keefe¡¯s easy swagger.
   In fact, when she looked closer, she realized that his movements
were rushed and tense, and the expression on his face was¡­ nervous?
   ¡°Scared¡± actually might¡¯ve been a better word for it.
   She learned why a few breaths later, when a group of much taller,
much more confident Level Threes sidled over to him, knocking his
books out of his hands and messing up his hair.
   Lord Cassius said nothing.
   Did nothing.
   But internally he swore that things would change.
   Someday he would be better than everyone else¡ªand then he would
show them all.
   The memory ended there¡ªbut something about the abruptness of it
felt intentional. As if Lord Cassius had snipped off the rest, either to
sort it somewhere else or to keep that part hidden.
   So¡­ I¡¯m assuming you said the thing about the purple memories to distract
me from the real stuff you don¡¯t want me to see? Sophie guessed.
   Or I don¡¯t like anyone witnessing my moments of weakness, Lord Cassius
countered¡ªwhich might¡¯ve been a believable explanation, if he hadn¡¯t
had the answer ready to go.
   Your mind games aren¡¯t going to work on me, she told him. And I don¡¯t
really get why you¡¯re bothering to play them. Searching your memories was
YOUR idea¡ªYOU wanted to find out if there was something that Lady
Gisela hid from you.
   Yes, I¡¯m aware. But that doesn¡¯t mean I¡¯m willing to allow anyone to
invade my privacy¡ªand surely you¡¯ve realized that something my wife stole
wouldn¡¯t be tinted purple, or red or blue or green or any other color, since
that means I¡¯m aware of it.
   Actually, that was a valid point.
   This part of his mind was so organized¡ªso controlled¡ªthat
anything missing or out of place would¡¯ve been glaringly obvious.

   She needed to find the rest.
   The parts he couldn¡¯t shape into the precarious narrative he wanted
to display to the world.
   The parts he¡¯d tried to bury.
   That won¡¯t help either, he warned, but Sophie was already poking and
prodding at the corners and shadows¡ªthe cramped little nooks and
the cold, empty stretches and¡­
   There.
   A tiny crack.
   A flaw in his well-honed mental armor.
   All she had to do was slip through and¡­
   ¡­ down, down, down she went¡ªcareening through a dark, lonely
void.
   Hurtling toward a sea of nightmares.
   But then her fall seemed to slow, and the air thickened around her,
nudging her back up, until she could see a fuzzy gray path.
   Everything about it called to her.
   Welcoming her.
   Guiding her.
   As if Lord Cassius was providing her with an escape, to spare her
from the shadows.
   But it was another trick.
   Another defense.
   And Sophie wasn¡¯t afraid of the dark.
   So she pushed back against the barrier and plunged straight into the
mire. Sinking past glimmers of doubt and fear. Fighting her way
through flurries of despair and hopelessness. Until she burst through
to the other side, landing in an explosion of light and color and sound.
   The real Lord Cassius.
   Not the rigid construct he liked to present.
   This won¡¯t help you, he insisted as she focused on the vibrant
memories piled haphazardly all around her, like someone had tossed
them away. I may not like this part of myself. But I¡¯m still aware of its
presence.
   Why don¡¯t you like this part of yourself? Sophie asked, trying to process
what she was seeing.
   Most of the memories were brief flashes¡ªsnippets and scraps
trimmed away from longer moments.
   And many of them featured Keefe.
   His smiles and laughter.
   His pranks and jokes and art.
   The same things Lord Cassius was always trying to force Keefe to
change about himself.
   And for a second Sophie was furious.
   How dare he mentally edit his son?
   Who was he to deny reality?
   But then¡­ she noticed the warmth.
   It wasn¡¯t strong.
   And it wasn¡¯t comforting.
   But it was there¡ªwrapped around each edited moment.
   And she knew: You love your son.
   Of course I do.
   The words were a weary sigh, and Sophie¡¯s anger surged back.
   WHY WOULD YOU BURY THAT?
   Far, far away she felt Keefe give her shoulder a gentle, reassuring
squeeze¡ªwhich only added to her rage.
   He deserved so much better.
   You have no idea what he deserves, Lord Cassius argued, and Sophie
wasn¡¯t sure if she¡¯d transmitted the thought or if he¡¯d read the
emotions coursing through her. Everything I withhold is for his own good.
Love¡­ convolutes things. If your creators had made you an Empath, perhaps
you would understand that¡ªthough it¡¯s strange. Your mind focuses on
feelings far more than any Telepath I¡¯ve ever encountered. The way you
homed in on that emotion just now¡ªit was almost a fusion of our abilities. I
can¡¯t tell if that was taught to you or if it¡¯s somehow inherent or¡­

   His thoughts cycled through possibilities, and for a second Sophie
was right there with him, wondering if Mr. Forkle had trained her
mind to work differently than others¡¯, or if it was because she
manifested so young¡ªand grew up around humans¡ªor if it was the
result of some small tweak to her genetics.

   And then she realized¡­
   You¡¯re not going to distract me, she told him. What do you mean by
¡°love convolutes things¡±?
   A dark rumble shook everything around her. I mean exactly that. And
if you don¡¯t believe me¡ªask the question everyone¡¯s been whispering since
Gisela was outed.
   It took Sophie several seconds to puzzle out what question he
meant.
   You mean, ¡°How did you not know she was part of the Neverseen?¡±
   Exactly. How could an Empath¡ªtwo Empaths, counting my son¡ªnot
realize they had a traitor among them? We should¡¯ve sensed every lie¡ªevery
trick. But we missed them all. And while I want to believe you¡¯ll find some
stockpile of damaged memories that I can point to and blame for the way she
misled me, I fear the reality is simply that while it may be nearly impossible
for someone to lie to an Empath, it¡¯s far, far too easy for us to lie to ourselves.
Our emotions are stronger. Purer. So much more overwhelming. And we
cannot feel our own tells.
   Your tells? Sophie repeated.
   Another dark rumble. I¡¯m surprised my son¡¯s never mentioned it.
Actually, no, I¡¯m not surprised at all. I¡¯m sure this is the last piece of
knowledge he wants you to have.
   What does that mean?
   It means my son has plenty to hide. And all Empaths have a tell when we
try to lie. It¡¯s instinctive. Unavoidable. Part of who we are. In fact, I strongly
suspect it¡¯s why your creators didn¡¯t choose empathy as one of your abilities.
What¡¯s the point of giving their moonlark an impenetrable mind if her heart
will give her away every time?
   I still have no idea what you¡¯re talking about, Sophie told him.
   Yes, I¡¯m sure you don¡¯t. And for a second he hesitated¡ªdebating
whether he should share.
   You realize I could pluck the secret from your mind with a single thought,
right? Sophie reminded him.
   I suppose that¡¯s a valid point. And it¡¯s not like this is a secret. It¡¯s just not
particularly well known, either. Empaths have a physical reaction when we
lie. You have to be reading our pulse to feel it, but it¡¯s always there. Our
hearts skip three beats. One from guilt. One from fear. And one like a held
breath, waiting to see if someone will catch us. It¡¯s completely involuntary¡ª
we can¡¯t even feel it in ourselves. Which makes it so very easy for our hearts
to lead us astray. How else do you think I ended up married to a murderer?
   The last word was a jolt, dragging Sophie¡¯s focus away from all of
that strange new information.
   And she found herself asking, You REALLY loved her?
   She honestly couldn¡¯t imagine Lord Cassius loving anyone except
himself.
   You know almost nothing about me, he told her. Or what I¡¯m capable of
feeling.
   True, Sophie conceded. But you know what I¡¯m realizing? I¡¯ve been in
your head for all of this time, and I haven¡¯t seen a single memory with her in
it. Even down here, in the stuff you¡¯re trying to hide.

   Surely you¡¯ve heard of coping mechanisms. Surely you can understand
why I¡¯ve spent the last several months painstakingly carving her out of my
consciousness. I had to sort through my memories anyway, trying to find any
gaps or inconsistencies on my own. And after I finished examining a
moment, I¡¯d sever any pieces with her and cast them away¡ªthe closest I can
come to erasing her from my life.

   Okay, but where are those pieces now?
   It doesn¡¯t matter. I¡¯ve already checked them.
   That doesn¡¯t mean they won¡¯t trigger what you¡¯re looking for.
   Once again, he hesitated.
   And she had to remind him again that she would find everything on
her own¡ªand who knew what else she¡¯d discover along the way?
   It¡¯s a waste of time, he insisted.
   But his mind still shifted and rattled, as if he were pulling open
some sort of inner mental barrier, revealing a new light up ahead¡ªa
dim, icy glow that definitely wasn¡¯t inviting.
   Sophie followed it anyway, into a chilly nook tucked into the
darkest part of his consciousness where thousands of memories
flickered in the shadows.
   Thousands of glimpses of Lady Gisela.
   Smiles.
   Scowls.
   Glares.
   Laughter.
   Though something about her always looked a little¡­ calculating.
Especially when she gazed at her son.
   You see that too, Lord Cassius noted, and Sophie realized she¡¯d
transmitted that observation.

   It just seemed so¡­ obvious.
   Hindsight brings a strange sort of clarity, doesn¡¯t it? Lord Cassius asked
her. It¡¯s so easy to hate yourself for missing something so glaring. But every
moment has shades of meaning, and how we interpret it comes down to the
knowledge we have in that instance. Like now, for example¡ªyou sit there
stewing in your disgust for me, convinced I¡¯m cruel and callous because that
is the information you have. Just as I saw a wife and mother who was as
determined as I was to help her son find success and reach his maximum
potential¡ªwhich, I suppose, IS still who she was. She just had a very
different vision for his future, apparently.
   Sour dread mixed with Sophie¡¯s other emotions, and she couldn¡¯t
tell if it came from her or Lord Cassius.
   And I¡¯m assuming you have no idea what she means when she talks about
Keefe¡¯s legacy? she asked.
   I don¡¯t¡ªand I wish I did.
   She could tell he meant it. Which was why she decided to answer
when he asked again for the specific words Lady Gisela said to Keefe
in London¡ªand she didn¡¯t just tell him. She filled his mind with her
memory of the conversation, letting him watch the scene play out for
himself.
   And when they got to the part where Lady Gisela told Keefe to
¡°embrace the change or it will destroy you,¡± something shifted in his
mind again.
   A soft quiver that grew stronger and stronger.
   A mental earthquake that drove a deep rift through his
consciousness.
   And three new memories emerged, each one crackly and scratched,
like watching a projection of a ruined piece of film¡ªthe same way
Keefe¡¯s recovered memory had looked. The sound faded in and out,
and the scenes sometimes played too fast or slow or dropped away
altogether. But Sophie soaked up every detail she could pull from the
damage.

   In the first memory Lord Cassius found his wife nearly convulsing
on their bed¡ªwith five empty vials strewn across the floor. Her mouth
had a strange glow as she murmured to herself, ¡°Embrace the change,¡±
over and over, and Lord Cassius scooped her into his arms and
sprinted for Candleshade¡¯s vortinator to get her to a physician. The
scene faded out after that, and faded back in when he was standing
under the Leapmaster, with Lady Gisela begging him to take her back
¡ªto let her rest¡ªswearing it was nothing he needed to concern
himself with. She told him it was a treatment that took a few minutes
for her body to accept. And he¡¯d felt how strongly she meant the words
¡ªhow desperate she was to be alone¡ªso he¡¯d brought her back to bed.

   The second scene was much harder to watch.
   There were five vials again, this time flickering and glowing on the
bedside table. And Lord Cassius sat next to his wife on the edge of
their bed as she tried to convince him to drink them.
   The memory distorted most of their conversation, but Lord Cassius
didn¡¯t seem to find anything familiar about what she was suggesting,
so his other memory must¡¯ve already been taken. And the soundtrack
sharpened again as Lady Gisela promised, ¡°This treatment will make
you powerful in ways you can¡¯t even imagine. You just have to embrace
the change.¡±
   She¡¯d whispered something else Sophie couldn¡¯t hear, but whatever
it was, it convinced Lord Cassius to gulp down each of the vials.
   And then there was pain.
   Burning and freezing and stabbing and tearing and crushing and
twisting and writhing.
   Unending.
   Unsurvivable.
   Except somehow, he did.
   Somehow, when he stopped fighting it, he became the pain.
   And then everything faded into a black, dreamless oblivion.
   The third memory was the shortest.
   Lady Gisela leaned in and licked a silver panel on a glittering crystal
wall, and a small compartment popped open, with two tiny bottles
inside. The glass was blacker than anything Sophie had ever seen¡ªas
if the bottles had been carved out of the void¡ªand Lady Gisela seemed
to be giving Lord Cassius a long list of vital instructions.
   The memory only preserved three scattered pieces of what she said.
   ¡°When the timing is right.¡±
   ¡°Embrace the change.¡±
   And ¡°the beginning of our legacy.¡±
              THIRTY-NINE

SOOOOOOOOO¡­ I¡¯M ASSUMING THE crazy emotional spike I just felt

means you guys had a breakthrough,¡± Keefe said as Sophie¡¯s mind
snapped back to the present. ¡°And I¡¯m also assuming it wasn¡¯t good
news, seeing as how Foster¡¯s now as white as the armchairs, and
Daddio reminds me of the way Ro looked after she ate those amoebas.
In fact, we might wanna give him some room, so we¡¯re not in a splash
zone if he goes projectile, like she did.¡±

   ¡°If you think we¡¯re ready to joke about that,¡± Ro called from the
doorway, ¡°you are sorely, sorely mistaken, Hunkyhair. But you can
relax, Blondie,¡± she added as Sophie jumped to her feet. ¡°I don¡¯t hold
you responsible for the Keefster¡¯s extremely poor life choices. Why do
you think your bodyguard let me in?¡±

   Sandor tilted his head in and nodded as Ro sauntered closer, tossing
her pigtails¡ªwhich were now a bright fire-engine red¡ªas she leaned
over Keefe¡¯s armchair and pinched Keefe¡¯s chin with her red-clawed
fingers, smushing his lips into a fish face. ¡°You can relax too, my
foolish, foolish boy¡ªfor now. Because when I pay you back? You¡¯ll
never see it coming. Count on that.¡±

   ¡°I will,¡± Keefe assured her, his voice distorted by the fish face.
   ¡°Good.¡± Ro held him like that a second longer, squeezing his face
even tighter before she dropped her hand and turned to Sophie. ¡°So,
what¡¯s this I hear about a breakthrough?¡±
   ¡°And don¡¯t try to sugarcoat it, Foster,¡± Keefe added, rubbing his
jaw, which now showed tiny dents from Ro¡¯s claws. ¡°I agreed to this
because I trusted you to tell me everything.¡±
   Sophie reached for her eyelashes. ¡°I know, but¡ª¡±
   ¡°We both know my imagination is probably fifty times worse than

the reality,¡± Keefe cut in.
   Which was probably true. But she still had to warn him, ¡°This is a

lot to handle.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, well¡­ what else is new?¡± He forced a rather sad smile. ¡°I¡¯m

serious, Foster. I don¡¯t care if it¡¯s a lot. I just want the truth.¡±
   Sophie studied him for a long second before nodding. ¡°It¡¯ll be easier

if I show you what we saw.¡±
   ¡°Are you going to show him our entire conversation?¡± Lord Cassius

jumped in.
   The warning in his eyes tempted Sophie to say yes. But¡­ Keefe

didn¡¯t need his father¡¯s warped views on love distracting him from
these new revelations.

   Lord Cassius deserved to sweat a little, though, so she kept her
answer vague. ¡°I¡¯m going to show Keefe everything that I think is
important.¡±

   ¡°Works for me,¡± Keefe told her, leaning back in his armchair. ¡°Hit
me with all the creepy family stuff you want¡ªit¡¯s not like it¡¯ll be a
surprise.¡±

   Sophie hated how true that was as she reached for his forehead,
making sure she had permission to open her thoughts to his before she
pressed her gloved fingers against his temples.

   I can handle this, Foster, he promised when his mental voice flooded
her mind.

   You have to, she told him. The trust here works both ways. You¡¯re
trusting me not to coddle you, and I¡¯m trusting you to lean on your friends
and let us help you through this.

   His mind got a whole lot quieter when he asked, So it¡¯s that bad, huh?
   Sophie was about to say yes¡ªbut then she took a look at the
thoughts flashing all around her. And Keefe was right: His
imagination was worse than the reality. His head was a horror show of
theories that felt very Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, with Keefe turning into
some sort of evil, murderous monster at Lady Gisela¡¯s beck and call.

   Your mom told us she didn¡¯t mess with your DNA, Sophie reminded
him.

   Uh, yeah, and my mom lies, Keefe countered.
   I know, but¡­ you¡¯re past manifesting age, right? And you still only have
one ability.
   Right, but I¡¯m also supposed to ¡°embrace the change¡±¡ªremember?
   Sophie felt herself flinch at the words and sucked in a deep breath,
needing that extra second to work up the courage to tell him, Those
were the words that triggered the broken pieces we found of your dad¡¯s erased
memories. You¡¯re SURE you want to see them?
   A tiny voice in the back of his mind said, No. But the rest of him
told her, Bring it on, Foster.
   When she still hesitated, he added, It¡¯s not like I can hide from this.
   He couldn¡¯t.
   No matter how much she wished she could protect him.
   Okay, here goes, she warned, filling his head with the memories one
by one, sharing them in the same order she¡¯d seen them with Lord
Cassius.
   She offered no commentary, letting Keefe process everything
himself. And he replayed each of the memories three times before his
brain could form any coherent words¡ªmost of which were things he¡¯d
probably get in trouble for saying.
   Please tell me it wasn¡¯t a mistake to show you that, Sophie begged when
his brain started its fourth memory replay.
   It wasn¡¯t, he assured her. I¡¯m fine.
   No, you¡¯re not. Sophie dropped one of her hands from his temples
and reached for him, tangling their fingers together.

   He didn¡¯t argue. Just clung to her as tightly as he could as they
watched a fifth replay together.

   Three things, Sophie told him as Keefe¡¯s Dr. Jekyll theories reared
back with a vengeance. First: Your mom talks about this being THEIR
legacy¡ªnot yours. So it might not have anything to do with you¡ªand I know
you¡¯re going to argue with me on that, but you have to admit it¡¯s at least
possible. Second: Whatever this was¡­ your parents are fine. I mean, they¡¯re
pretty awful people¡ªbut they were that way before any of this. So it¡¯s not
like this changed them in any way that¡¯s noticeable. And third¡ªand most
important: This isn¡¯t triggering any new memories for you, right?

   She checked his nearby thoughts for any flashes of pain or glimpses
of glowing vials.

   No, he admitted, but that might just mean my mom did a better job of
burying it.

   I don¡¯t know, Sophie argued. I don¡¯t think you can bury something THIS
traumatic¡ªespecially when you¡¯re being given such a clear, direct trigger.
You should¡¯ve felt how fast it worked on your dad¡ªand all it took for him
was me sharing the memory from London of your mom telling you to
¡°embrace the change.¡± As soon as he heard those words, it set off this, like,
mental earthquake, and his consciousness actually cracked as these memories
came crashing through. So¡­ if there was something in your past like this, I
feel like you¡¯d have gotten back at least the damaged pieces of it by now. And
you haven¡¯t.

   The more she thought about it, the easier it was to breathe.
   But Keefe didn¡¯t seem nearly as convinced.
   His palm felt shaky in hers, and his thoughts were darting in so
many directions, she couldn¡¯t keep up with them¡ªexcept one.
   One part of his mind stayed fixated on those eerie black bottles in
the final memory.

   There were only two of them, she pointed out, adding that to her list of
reassurances.

   Yeah, but¡ª
   ¡°Are you ever going to bring me back into this conversation?¡± Lord
Cassius interrupted. ¡°Given that these are my memories, it seems like I
should be a part of the discussion.¡±
   ¡°I dunno¡ªdo you have anything useful to add?¡± Keefe asked as
Sophie severed their mental connection and blinked her eyes back into
focus on the present. ¡°I mean, if you have any idea what that
¡®treatment¡¯ was¡ªor what was in any of those vials¡ªfeel free to share,¡±
Keefe told his dad. ¡°Otherwise, not sure what we need you for.¡±
   ¡°Uh¡­ that doesn¡¯t sound good,¡± Ro noted. ¡°Can someone maybe
clue the bodyguards in?¡±
   ¡°Oh sure,¡± Keefe told her. ¡°Basically, it looks like Mommy Dearest
definitely did experiment on me.¡±
   ¡°No¡ªshe experimented on me!¡± Lord Cassius shouted, jumping to
his feet and stalking toward his son. ¡°You don¡¯t get to make this all
about you.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, well, you don¡¯t get to make this all about you, either!¡± Keefe
snapped back. ¡°Because I have a pretty strong hunch this all happened
around the time Mom got pregnant with me, right?¡±
   Lord Cassius reluctantly nodded.
   ¡°You¡¯re sure?¡± Sophie had to ask. Both of Keefe¡¯s parents looked
exactly the same in the memories as they did now¡ªand it wasn¡¯t like
there¡¯d been a calendar in the background.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure,¡± Lord Cassius agreed quietly. ¡°The room in the first two
memories is a room we only shared for a brief time. Once Gisela
discovered she was pregnant, we separated ourselves.¡±
   The set of his jaw made it clear there¡¯d be no further discussion on
that topic¡ªand Sophie was definitely good with that.

   Keefe ran a hand down his face. ¡°I¡¯m guessing you don¡¯t know
where the room in the third memory was?¡±

   Lord Cassius shook his head. ¡°Only that it was somewhere in
Candleshade.¡±

   ¡°Great,¡± Keefe muttered.
   ¡°If you need me to go back there and smash more things, I¡¯m happy
to,¡± Ro generously offered.
   ¡°Smashing would be bad,¡± Keefe said. ¡°We don¡¯t want to break
those vials.¡±
   ¡°You think they¡¯re still there?¡± Sophie asked.
   ¡°I don¡¯t know. It¡¯s possible. My mom said, ¡®When the timing is
right¡¯¡ªand I haven¡¯t fulfilled my legacy or whatever yet.¡±
   ¡°But it wasn¡¯t about your legacy,¡± Lord Cassius reminded him. ¡°She
said ¡®our¡¯¡ªhers and mine.¡±
   Ro groaned. ¡°Now you have a separate legacy? Is anyone else getting
really sick of that word? Because I swear, every time I hear it, I wanna
stab something.¡±
   ¡°Right there with you,¡± Sandor agreed quietly.
   ¡°Oh, I¡¯m there too,¡± Keefe agreed as well, tearing his hands through
his hair. ¡°The good news is¡ªI¡¯m pretty sure all the legacies are the
same. Think about it¡ªshe talked about their legacy right around the
time they made me, so¡­¡±
   ¡°Wait,¡± Sophie said, leaning forward in her armchair. ¡°You¡¯re
saying you think those treatments were, like¡­¡± She wasn¡¯t even sure
how to word it¡ªand she really hoped she was wrong when she
finished with, ¡°An elvin fertility thing?¡±
   ¡°No, I think they were a mess-with-our-future-baby kind of thing,¡±
Keefe corrected.
   But Lord Cassius shook his head. ¡°Actually, I think Sophie might be
onto something. Your mother was very concerned about getting
pregnant. She went to a number of physicians beforehand, and I never
understood why, because it seemed to happen quite quickly and easily
¡ªbut maybe this is why. Maybe it seemed fast to me because she
erased these memories.¡±

   ¡°FYI, I really don¡¯t want to hear about Lord Hunkyhair¡¯s creation,¡±
Ro whined.

   ¡°That makes two of us,¡± Sandor added.
   And Sophie waited for Keefe to agree.
   But he just leaned his head back against his armchair, staring at the
ceiling.
   ¡°Sounds like I need to talk to some physicians,¡± Lord Cassius
decided. ¡°See if any of them have heard of this kind of treatment.¡±
   ¡°You should start with Elwin,¡± Sophie told him. ¡°Those vials almost
seemed like they were filled with light¡ªwhich doesn¡¯t really make
sense since you can¡¯t drink light, but¡­¡±
   Her voice trailed off as a sickening new thought occurred to her.
   ¡°I guess they could¡¯ve been quintessence,¡± she whispered, deciding
to throw the theory out there.
   The conversation couldn¡¯t necessarily get any weirder.
   ¡°I mean¡­ the vials looked a little different than the vials of
quintessence I¡¯ve seen before,¡± she added quietly. ¡°But¡­ there were
five of them. And there are five unmapped stars. And each vial was
different. And the pain they caused¡­¡±
   Lord Cassius wrapped his arms around himself. ¡°I¡¯ll hail Elwin and
find out where he is.¡±
   ¡°And you¡¯ll tell us what he says,¡± Keefe said as he stood, making it
clear it wasn¡¯t a request. ¡°Feels like this is a good time for us to stop
keeping secrets from each other, doesn¡¯t it?¡±
   Sophie frowned when Lord Cassius agreed.
   ¡°You don¡¯t want to be there when he talks to Elwin?¡± she
whispered.
   Keefe shook his head. ¡°I¡¯m going to Candleshade to see if I can find
that compartment.¡±
   ¡°Oh.¡± Sophie stood up to join him, trying to be supportive¡ªand
telling herself to be glad that his plan was something safe. But she still
had to remind him, ¡°It¡¯s just¡­ Candleshade is huge¡ªand there was
nothing recognizable about that wall in the memory, was there?¡±
   ¡°Not the wall,¡± Keefe told her. ¡°But there was¡­ a feeling. You
probably didn¡¯t notice it, since you¡¯re not an Empath. But every time I
replay that memory, I get this, like, prickly sense right here¡±¡ªhe
brushed his hands down his arms¡ª¡°and I think it¡¯s triggered by
whatever is in those vials. So if I search for that feeling at
Candleshade, I should be able to follow it to that compartment.¡±
   ¡°Assuming the vials are still there,¡± Lord Cassius noted.
   Keefe shrugged. ¡°It¡¯s worth checking, right?¡±
   ¡°Um, just so I¡¯m clear,¡± Ro jumped in as Keefe dug an old home
crystal out from one of his cape pockets, ¡°your plan is to go room by
room in a two-hundred-story tower, searching for some random elf-y
feeling that might not even be there anymore because the thing
causing it might be long gone?¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s either that or go with my dad and listen to him and Elwin chat
about fertility stuff,¡± Keefe reminded her.
   Ro groaned again. ¡°Fine. But I¡¯m adding this to the list of things I¡¯ll
be paying you back for.¡±
   ¡°You do that,¡± Keefe told her¡ªand that seemed to settle it.
   Sandor sighed as Sophie reached for Keefe¡¯s hand, and grumbled
something about needing patience as he joined the light leaping chain.
   And she honestly wasn¡¯t any happier about the project ahead of
them.

   But Keefe shouldn¡¯t be alone after everything they¡¯d discovered.
There was too big of a risk that he¡¯d change his mind and run off
somewhere much more dangerous.

   And he¡¯d endured an awful lot of boring, tedious things for her.
   ¡°Remind me to hail Dex, Biana, Stina, and Wylie a little later,¡± she
told Sandor, realizing she¡¯d promised her teammates she¡¯d be checking
in on them that day.
   ¡°If you have other things to do¡ª¡± Keefe tried to tell her.
   But Sophie shook her head, channeling Sandor when she told him,
¡°I go where you go.¡±

Candleshade was somehow even bigger than Sophie remembered.
   The glittering crystal skyscraper basically blotted out the sun.
   And boy, was it depressing.
   Keefe¡¯s house had always felt cold and unwelcoming¡ªbut now the

once shimmering rooms were coated in dust and grime and were in
total chaos from all the hasty previous searches. There was also quite a
lot of smashed stuff that seemed to say, Ro was here.

   If Keefe was bothered by the mess, he did a good job hiding it. But
it probably helped that his search required his full concentration.

   Room by room he¡¯d close his eyes, feeling for whatever he¡¯d picked
up on in that memory, before he shook his head and moved on.

   And Sophie tried not to sigh, or shuffle her feet¡ªor do the math on
how endless the search was going to be.

   Ro was doing plenty of that for everyone.
   But by the time they reached the fifth floor, Sophie had to at least
voice a new theory she couldn¡¯t get out of her head. ¡°So¡­ if I¡¯m right,¡±
she said quietly, wishing her voice didn¡¯t sound quite so echoey, ¡°and
those vials your parents took had some form of quintessence in them,
that probably means the dark vials are¡ª¡±

   ¡°Shadowflux?¡± Keefe finished for her. ¡°Way ahead of you there,
Foster. Why do you think I¡¯m bothering with this? If it¡¯s shadowflux,
we¡¯re finally on our way to figuring out how she¡¯s planning to have
Bangs Boy off me.¡±

   ¡°We are?¡± Sophie asked, not really seeing the connection.
   If Lady Gisela already had bottles of shadowflux, what did she need
Tam for?
   And if she¡¯d already drunk the bottles and needed more, couldn¡¯t
Umber have provided that a long time ago?
   ¡°Yeah, okay,¡± Keefe said, ¡°I¡¯m picking up on your skepticism loud
and clear, Foster. And I do realize that even if we find the black
bottles, they¡¯re going to raise a whole lot more questions than they
answer. But at least it¡¯d be progress, you know? An actual clue that ties
right into Tammy Boy¡¯s Shade stuff?¡±
   ¡°True,¡± Sophie agreed, trying to stay positive.
   But after five more floors, positivity was feeling impossible.
   They¡¯d been there for at least an hour¡ªand they still had one
hundred and ninety floors to go.
   ¡°If we don¡¯t speed this process up, I¡¯m going to start stabbing
things,¡± Ro warned when they made it to floor thirteen, and Sophie
had to bite her tongue to stop herself from agreeing.
   Sandor had no such qualms¡ªand had apparently been working on
the math in his head¡ªand spelled out exactly how many hours they
had ahead of them if they continued at their current pace.
   ¡°No way!¡± Ro informed them. ¡°I seriously will murder someone long
before that. You mean to tell me our pretty little Blondie doesn¡¯t have
some sort of elf-y ability to make this go faster?¡±
   Sophie stopped walking. ¡°I can¡¯t believe I didn¡¯t think of that. We
should use my enhancing!¡±

   ¡°You sure you¡¯re up for that?¡± Keefe asked as Sophie peeled off her
gloves. ¡°You¡¯ve kinda done a lot with your abilities the last few days,
and you¡¯re still recovering from the reset.¡±

   ¡°Enhancing doesn¡¯t do anything to me,¡± she promised, tapping her
fingers to turn off Dex¡¯s gadgets. ¡°It¡¯s automatic, remember? Besides,
it can¡¯t be more exhausting than spending ten million hours searching
this place room by room. I bet you¡¯ll be able to search two or three
floors at a time if I enhance you.¡±

   ¡°Please let that be true!¡± Ro begged when Sophie held out her hand.
¡°Please please please please please.¡±

   Sophie mentally made the same pleas as Keefe reached for her.
   And as soon as her fingertips brushed his skin, the jolt nearly
knocked them both over.
   Ro and Sandor managed to steady them¡ªbut Keefe couldn¡¯t stop
shaking.
   ¡°You okay?¡± Sophie asked when he closed his eyes.
   ¡°Yeah, I¡¯m just¡­ wow,¡± he breathed. ¡°I don¡¯t even know how to
describe this. I swear I can sense the entire tower.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ve never loved anyone as much as I love you right now, Blondie,¡±
Ro told Sophie, leaning down and giving Sophie a big ogre smack on
the cheek. ¡°It almost makes up for the fact that you didn¡¯t think of this
the moment we got here. Almost.¡±
   Keefe shushed Ro, tightening his grip on Sophie¡¯s hand. ¡°I think¡­
there¡¯s something on the hundred-and-thirty-seventh floor.¡±
   ¡°The hundred-and-thirty-seventh floor?¡± Ro repeated. ¡°Um, your girlie
here just saved your life. I¡¯m betting by about floor twenty-five, I
would¡¯ve flung you out the window.¡±
   Keefe ignored her, clinging to Sophie as they stumbled over to the
vortinator.

   Sophie braced for an epic wave of nausea from blasting up so many
floors at once. But either she was getting used to the spinning or Keefe
was sharing some of his steadiness. Whatever the reason, she made it
to the hundred-and-thirty-seventh floor with a clear head and a steady
stomach.

   Keefe stumbled toward the nearest room, which seemed to be one of
Candleshade¡¯s many guest rooms¡ªone that must¡¯ve been spared
during the previous searches because it was still clean and organized
and nothing was smashed.

   ¡°Which way is the compartment?¡± Sophie asked, studying the
nearest wall, searching for some sort of seam in the crystal.

   ¡°That way,¡± Keefe said, pointing to the left. ¡°There¡¯s something
over there.¡±

   ¡°You¡¯re sure?¡± Sophie asked, frowning when he nodded.
   He was pointing to a window, and the compartment had very clearly
been in a wall! But maybe¡ª
   ¡°STOP!¡± Sandor shouted, jumping in front of Sophie and drawing
his sword as he sniffed the air.
   ¡°What the¡ª¡± Keefe started to ask, but Ro drew two daggers and
shouted, ¡°SHOW YOURSELF OR I WILL USE THESE!¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t understand,¡± Sophie mumbled. ¡°Who are you¡ª¡±
   ¡°YOU HAVE THREE SECONDS!¡± Sandor bellowed over her.
¡°ONE¡­¡±
   ¡°TWO¡­¡± Ro joined in, aiming one of her daggers toward the glass.
¡°I MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SEE YOU¡ªBUT TRUST ME, I KNOW
EXACTLY WHERE TO THROW THIS.¡±
   ¡°THR¡ª¡±
   ¡°ALL RIGHT!¡± a new voice shouted¡ªand Sophie recognized it even
before a pale, cowering figure blinked into sight next to the window.

   Together, she and Keefe both whispered, ¡°Alvar?¡±
                   FORTY

ALVAR WAS HARD TO LOOK at.

   Not because he kept flickering in and out of sight¡ªthough he did,
as if he were still hoping to vanish his way out of his current
predicament.

   And it wasn¡¯t because of the deep scars marring his formerly
handsome face¡ªthough they were definitely cringeworthy. And there
were more peeking out under his loose, rumpled clothes.

   But no¡ªwhat made it difficult for Sophie to meet Alvar¡¯s gaze was
his expression: his wide, terrified eyes, paired with shadowed, hollow
cheekbones and a trembling chin.

   He looked exactly like the frightened, remorseful guy he¡¯d been the
whole time he¡¯d had amnesia.

   ¡°You can drop the act,¡± Sophie told Alvar as he pulled his bony
knees tighter against his chest. ¡°I¡¯m not falling for it again.¡±

   ¡°There¡¯s no act,¡± Alvar said quietly, earning snorts from everyone. ¡°I
mean it. I made my choices, and I stand by them¡ªI¡¯m not going to
pretend otherwise. But don¡¯t treat me like I¡¯m still with the Neverseen.
I¡¯m not.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m assuming that was their decision?¡± Keefe asked. ¡°Let me guess
¡ªthey weren¡¯t impressed with all of the time you spent setting up the
world¡¯s dumbest scheme to open a gate?¡±

   Alvar¡¯s jaw locked, and for a second his old arrogance had him
sitting up taller.

   But a coughing fit forced him to curl back in on himself.
   ¡°No,¡± he rasped when the hacking had mostly eased. ¡°Actually, they
blamed me for how close I came to not opening the gate. And for how
long I hesitated. And for what happened to Umber and Ruy.¡±

   ¡°Ruy?¡± Sophie repeated. ¡°So¡­ Linh was right? Tam ruined his
ability?¡±

   ¡°I don¡¯t know about ruined,¡± Alvar corrected, his body flickering
harder as he tried to stretch his legs. ¡°But he was on bed rest when I
saw him. And Gethen seemed worried.¡±

   ¡°How long ago was that?¡± Sandor demanded, slashing his sword to
make Alvar tuck his feet in again.

   Alvar turned toward the window and ran a shaky hand through his
dark, greasy hair. And when the light caught his face, Sophie realized
how sunken his eyes were and how sweaty his pale skin had gotten.

   ¡°I don¡¯t know,¡± he mumbled. ¡°It¡¯s hard to keep track of time here. I
only leave the tower when I have to find food, so the days all blur
together. But¡­ it¡¯s been a while. I chased them down as soon as I made
it out of Everglen¡ªand Vespera turned me away the second she saw
me. Like I said, the Neverseen are blaming me for what happened,
since I was the one who pushed them to expose my family¡¯s legacy.¡±

   ¡°Oh good¡ªthere¡¯s that word again,¡± Ro grumbled with a huge eye
roll.

   Sophie ignored her, forcing herself to meet Alvar¡¯s weary stare
when he turned back to face her. ¡°Was that really all there was to it?¡±
she asked. ¡°Luzia¡¯s hive and the experiments going on there¡ªthat¡¯s
what you meant when you talked about the Vacker legacy?¡±

   Alvar shrugged and then winced from the motion, which triggered
another raspy cough. ¡°That¡¯s as far as I got with my investigation. But
do you really think that¡¯s the only thing my family¡¯s hiding? With all of
their power, and all of their noble positions, and all of that history?¡±
   ¡°Why do you care?¡± Keefe wondered. ¡°It¡¯s not like what they did has
anything to do with your life. And you got to reap the benefits of being
a Vacker.¡±

   ¡°No, I got to grow up drowning in unrealistic expectations only to
have all of that vanish when my parents had another son¡ªas if that
was some confirmation that I couldn¡¯t and wouldn¡¯t ever measure up,¡±
Alvar snapped back.

   ¡°Woooooooooooooooow, so this was all just about your brother
being cooler and prettier than you?¡± Ro asked. ¡°The whole ¡®They don¡¯t
appreciate me, so I¡¯ll take them all down!¡¯ story?¡± She whistled. ¡°Now
that¡¯s pathetic.¡±

   ¡°It was more than that,¡± Alvar spat before lapsing into another
round of coughing, and Sophie couldn¡¯t decide if he was actually sick
or if he was faking it so they¡¯d underestimate him.

   ¡°I don¡¯t care about the rest of the Vackers,¡± Keefe told him, ¡°or
what creepy things you think they did or didn¡¯t do¡ªyou had parents
who loved you! I¡¯m pretty sure they still love you, even after all of the
horrible things you¡¯ve done. And you threw that away to join a group
that can¡¯t even make up their mind about who¡¯s in charge, or what they
want, or why they¡¯re trying to destroy the world¡ªa group that left you
behind when they fled Everglen, and left Umber for dead, and¡ª¡±

   ¡°You want to talk about being left for dead?¡± Alvar lunged forward, but
Sandor and Ro shifted their blades to block him. ¡°I was left floating in
a pod of orange goo while my brother and sister stood by watching!
The same brother who¡¯d threatened to carve me up with a knife earlier
that night! The brother who stopped pressing buttons to try to save me
as the pod filled up¡ªdid he tell you that? He let the tank fill, waiting
for me to drown. He didn¡¯t know I was holding my breath and keeping
my body temperature in check¡ªand if he had, I guarantee he would¡¯ve
found a way to finish me. But he gets to carry on as the golden child,
and I get this.¡± He gestured to himself¡ªhow sickly and scrawny and
awful he looked. ¡°He gets to hide behind the Black Swan and their
moonlark and pretend that makes us any different¡ª¡±

   ¡°You ARE different!¡± Sophie shouted. ¡°Fitz only did those things to
stop you from hurting anyone else!¡±

   ¡°Keep telling yourself that,¡± Alvar said, coughing so hard he had to
lean against the window. ¡°But I¡¯ll tell you this: If anyone¡¯s going to add
to the infamous Vacker legacy, it¡¯ll be Fitz. Just wait and see.¡±

   ¡°Well, fun as this is,¡± Ro said, breaking the seething silence that
followed, ¡°we should get this charming prisoner to the Black Swan or
the Council or whoever we want to hand him over to.¡±

   Alvar barked a wheezy laugh. ¡°You¡¯re not handing me over to
anyone.¡±

   Ro showed him all of her pointed teeth. ¡°Wanna bet, Whiny Boy?
That¡¯s what I¡¯m calling you from now on, by the way, because that¡¯s all
I¡¯ve heard you do. Wah wah wah, nobody appreciates me¡ª¡±

   ¡°They don¡¯t!¡± Alvar interrupted. ¡°And it¡¯s always a mistake. You¡¯re
making it right now. You should be cutting a deal with me.¡± His eyes
locked with Keefe as he added, ¡°I know things.¡±

   Keefe applauded slowly. ¡°Wow, that was the most desperate bluff
I¡¯ve ever seen.¡±

   ¡°Was it?¡± Alvar asked. ¡°Then how come I know why you¡¯re here? I
also know what was in those little black bottles you¡¯re never going to
find because they¡¯ve been gone for years.¡±

   ¡°How did¡ª¡± Sophie started to ask.
   ¡°I heard you,¡± Alvar told her.
   ¡°From the hundred-and-thirty-seventh floor,¡± Keefe noted, raising
one eyebrow. ¡°That¡¯s the story you¡¯re sticking with? Need I remind you
that I lived here¡ªthat I know how soundproof this place is? And don¡¯t
try to pretend you were following us¡ªI felt you up here. And if you¡¯d
somehow headed to this floor before us, we would¡¯ve heard you use the
vortinator.¡±

   Alvar coughed again. ¡°The fact that you can¡¯t figure out how I did it
only proves my value.¡±

   ¡°See, and I¡¯m pretty sure what it really proves is that when it comes
to disappointing family members, I¡¯ll always win,¡± Keefe muttered,
stalking closer¡ªand for a second Sophie wondered if he was going to
punch Alvar. Instead, he leaned as close as he dared and asked, ¡°What
deal did you make with my dad?¡±

   ¡°What?¡± Sophie asked, but Keefe kept his focus on Alvar.
   ¡°My dad hailed you to warn you that we were coming here, didn¡¯t
he?¡± Keefe asked. ¡°He knows this is where you¡¯ve been hiding¡ªthat¡¯s
why he offered to give Fitzy information about where to find you.¡±
   Sophie sucked in a breath, feeling equal parts stunned at how fast
Keefe had put all of that together and ashamed of herself for missing it
completely.
   ¡°So again,¡± Keefe said quietly¡ªominously. ¡°What deal did you
make with my father?¡±
   Alvar, to his credit, held Keefe¡¯s stare. ¡°Like I said. I know things.
And you¡¯re not the only one with questions about your past. I offered
to answer one for your father when he found me hiding out here, and
he agreed to let me stay. And now here you are¡ªdesperately searching
for two long-gone black bottles. And here I am, the only one who can
tell you about them. I even know a little about your legacy. And I¡¯m
willing to share. But it¡¯ll cost you my freedom¡ªand if you think you
can pluck the information from my head, Sophie, remember, I grew up
with a Telepath for a father. I know how to keep a secret. That¡¯s why I
have nine fake stories tangled up with the truth, and you¡¯ll waste
months trying to figure out which one¡¯s real. Or you can pretend you
never saw me, and I¡¯ll tell you what I know as I leap away. Your
choice.¡±

   ¡°No deal,¡± Keefe decided immediately. ¡°If we let you go, the next
person you hurt is on us¡ª¡±

   ¡°Look at me!¡± Alvar interrupted before lapsing into another
coughing fit. ¡°Do I look capable of hurting anyone? I can barely stand
up!¡± He pulled back his wrinkled sleeves, showing them how his arms
were nothing more than skin stretched over bone. Same with his legs
when he hitched his pants up to his calves. ¡°I may have escaped that
pod¡ªbut whatever was in that orange solution still killed me. It¡¯s just
a slow, painful death¡ªI¡¯m sure my brother would approve.¡±

   ¡°That doesn¡¯t mean you won¡¯t try to take someone with you when
you go,¡± Keefe argued. ¡°Like, hey, maybe Fitz, since it sounds like you
have a few issues with your brother.¡±

   Alvar laughed darkly. ¡°Believe me, I¡¯ve thought about it. And if
there¡¯d been any way¡­¡± He shook his head. ¡°The truth is, if I went
after Fitz, he¡¯d kill me. And the one thing I have left is getting to
choose how and where I die. And¡­ I just want to be somewhere quiet.¡±

   ¡°Prisons are quiet,¡± Sandor noted.
   Alvar laughed again, the sound morphing into yet another coughing
fit. ¡°I¡¯m not going back to that miserable prison. And I¡¯m not going
through more Tribunals, or letting the Council parade me around like
their little trophy.¡±
   ¡°You deserve worse than that,¡± Sophie told him.
   ¡°THIS IS WORSE!¡± Alvar shouted. ¡°Don¡¯t you get that? You¡¯ve
already beaten me! All I¡¯m asking for now is a chance to die on my own
terms, and I¡¯m willing to tell you what you want in order to get it¡ª
how can you pass that up?¡±
   ¡°Easily,¡± Keefe told him. ¡°Knowing you, you¡¯ll just feed us a lie¡ª¡±
   ¡°And here I thought Empaths had a handy way of making sure that
didn¡¯t happen,¡± Alvar interrupted, sweeping his hair out of his eyes.
¡°I¡¯ll let you hold my hand as I share what I know, so you can feel
whether or not I¡¯m lying. And when you see that I¡¯m telling you the
truth, you let me go, and I step into a beam of light and find
somewhere else to hide for however long I have left.¡±

   ¡°Are you even strong enough to light leap?¡± Sophie had to ask.
   Alvar coughed. ¡°That¡¯s my problem, not yours¡ªand a risk I¡¯m
willing to take.¡±
   ¡°How do you know I won¡¯t hold on to you even if you are telling the
truth?¡± Keefe countered. ¡°Pretty sure you¡¯re not strong enough to pull
your hand free.¡±
   ¡°Also a risk I¡¯m willing to take,¡± Alvar said quietly. ¡°Because your
mom planned everything so carefully¡ªbut I knew the moment I met
you, you¡¯ll never be who she wants you to be. Remember that, okay?
Consider it my parting gift, since I always liked you more than I liked
my actual little brother.¡±
   Keefe turned away, and Sophie wished she had her gloves on so she
could reach for his hand, knowing how hard those words must¡¯ve hit
him.
   There¡¯d been a time when Keefe had thought of Alvar like a brother
too.
   Looked up to him¡ªwanted to be him.
   And now¡­
   ¡°No matter what happens next, you can still be you,¡± Alvar
promised Keefe. ¡°But you¡¯re probably going to have to fight a lot
harder.¡±
   ¡°What does that mean?¡± Sophie demanded.
   Alvar shook his head. ¡°That¡¯s all you get for free. If you want the
rest, you have to let me go.¡±
   He crossed his arms, pressing his chapped lips together. And Keefe
opened his mouth, clearly ready to tell Alvar where he could shove his
bargain¡ªbut Sophie stepped in front of Keefe so he could see the look
in her eyes as she told him, ¡°I think you should take the deal.¡±

   Keefe blinked.
   ¡°I know,¡± she mumbled, hardly believing the words herself. But that
didn¡¯t stop her from repeating, ¡°You should take the deal. Think about
it¡ªwhat do we gain by turning him over?¡±
   ¡°Uh, we make sure he can¡¯t cause any more trouble?¡± Keefe
reminded her.
   ¡°I know, but¡­ look at him,¡± she argued. ¡°Does he really look like a
threat? And this might be our last chance to learn something about
what your mom is planning before she makes her next move.¡±
   ¡°But¡ª¡±
   ¡°I let Brant go,¡± Sophie reminded him. ¡°He had information about
the ambush on Mount Everest, and I let him go to get it¡ªand I don¡¯t
regret it, even with all the horrible things he did afterward. Sometimes,
when there¡¯s no great option, you make the deal that gets you what you
need to know right then¡ªand if we decide to hunt Alvar down after
that, I¡¯m sure we can find him again.¡±
   Keefe chewed his lower lip so hard, his teeth left little dents.
¡°Okay¡­ but¡­ if Fitz finds out¡ª¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Sophie interrupted.
   There was a decent chance Fitz would hate her for this forever¡ªand
if he did, she would have to deal with that.
   But knowing that didn¡¯t change anything. ¡°It¡¯s still the right
decision,¡± she promised. ¡°Even with the fallout.¡±
   ¡°I agree with Blondie,¡± Ro chimed in.
   Sandor let out a squeaky sigh. ¡°I can¡¯t believe I¡¯m saying this, but¡­
so do I. Alvar won¡¯t get far in his condition. And I can¡¯t see him doing
a whole lot of damage.¡±
   ¡°He hasn¡¯t done anything this whole time he¡¯s been hiding here,

right?¡± Sophie reminded Keefe.
   Alvar flashed a tired smile. ¡°Sounds like the majority has spoken. So

are we ready to do this?¡±
   Keefe stole another glance at Sophie.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure,¡± she told him, before he could ask.
   ¡°Okay,¡± Keefe said, dragging a hand through his hair. ¡°I¡­ guess we

are.¡±
   ¡°One more thing,¡± Ro told Alvar as he slowly struggled to his feet.

¡°If you do anything¡ªand I mean anything¡ªthat makes my boy or our
pretty Blondie feel guilty for agreeing to this, I will find you and take
great delight in making your final days as agonizing as possible.¡±

   ¡°I believe you,¡± Alvar told her, coughing as he pulled a crystal from
his crumpled tunic¡ªa crystal that looked like it¡¯d been torn randomly
out of a Leapmaster.

   Keefe grabbed Alvar¡¯s arm before he could hold the crystal up to the
light. ¡°Secrets first¡ªthen you can make your little escape path.¡±

   ¡°You really think I can run away?¡± Alvar coughed again, nearly
toppling over in the process.

   ¡°Just tell us what you know,¡± Keefe demanded, tightening his grip
on Alvar¡¯s wrist.

   Alvar cleared his throat, needing several gasping breaths before he
said, ¡°Your mom was very specific about the child she wanted. She
wanted a son¡ªand she wanted him to have a very unique ability. But
she abhorred the idea of experimenting on her own kid, like the Black
Swan was doing in Project Moonlark. So she did something to herself
¡ªand your dad¡ªbefore she got pregnant. She never said what¡ªbut I
know it involved the elements somehow.¡±

   ¡°How do you know that?¡± Sophie demanded.
   Alvar shrugged. ¡°I¡¯m a Vanisher. I know how to sneak around and
eavesdrop¡ªand I figured it might be good for me to have a little dirt
on Lady Gisela if I needed it. Clearly I was right.¡±

   ¡°And that¡¯s it?¡± Keefe asked, laughing when Alvar nodded. ¡°That¡¯s
the big mystery behind my legacy? That Mommy Dearest put herself
through this super-painful thing and it failed completely?¡±

   ¡°How do you know it failed?¡± Alvar asked him.
   ¡°Uh, because I¡¯m an Empath,¡± Keefe reminded him. ¡°Nothing
unique about that!¡±
   ¡°And you¡¯re sure that¡¯s your only ability?¡± Alvar countered. ¡°Your
mother¡¯s a Polyglot, so her genetics are primed for manifesting twice.¡±
   ¡°Except she didn¡¯t,¡± Keefe argued. ¡°My mom only has one ability.¡±
   ¡°Does she? Or is that just what she wants everyone to think?¡± Alvar
let that settle in before he added, ¡°And how do you know she isn¡¯t
waiting for you to manifest again?¡±
   ¡°If she is, she can keep right on waiting,¡± Keefe told him. ¡°I¡¯m past
manifesting age.¡±
   ¡°Unless she¡¯s going to try to trigger it,¡± Sophie murmured.
   Embrace the change.
   ¡°My thought exactly,¡± Alvar agreed. ¡°For the record, I have no idea
what the ability is supposed to be. But I know she called it ¡®game-
changing.¡¯ And another time, I heard her say it was the foundation of
her entire plan. Sounds like quite a legacy, doesn¡¯t it?¡±
   ¡°Watch it, Whiny Boy,¡± Ro warned, pointing her dagger at his smug
grin. ¡°I can make it so you have to crawl into your little light beam.¡±
   Alvar¡¯s smile faded. ¡°That¡¯s all I know,¡± he told Keefe. ¡°And you
haven¡¯t accused me of lying, so clearly you believe me. Which means
this is the part where you let me go.¡±
   ¡°I¡­ don¡¯t know what to do with that information,¡± Keefe mumbled
as he released his hold on Alvar¡¯s wrist.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure you¡¯ll figure it out soon enough,¡± Alvar told him as he
hobbled into the light, adding, ¡°Remember what I said,¡± as he
disappeared in a shower of sparkle.

   ¡°It¡¯s ridiculous, right?¡± Keefe asked Sophie in the silence that
followed. ¡°I¡¯m not¡­¡±

   There were a million ways to end that sentence.
   But Sophie was pretty sure he¡¯d planned to say, I¡¯m not you.
   And he wasn¡¯t¡ªhe wasn¡¯t part of some huge genetic project.
   But maybe he didn¡¯t have to be.
   ¡°I¡¯m not manifesting another ability,¡± Keefe said¡ªalmost like it was
a decision he had control over. ¡°I don¡¯t care what she tries¡ªit¡¯s not
going to work.¡±
   Sophie had to stop herself from reminding him that shadowflux
changed everything it touched¡ªbecause she¡¯d had a much more
terrifying thought that she wasn¡¯t quite ready to share:
   Lady Gisela¡­ was messing with things she didn¡¯t understand.
   And Tam did understand them.
   And Tam knew what she wanted him to do to Keefe.
   And he was certain it would kill him.
               FORTY-ONE

OKAY,¡± KEEFE SAID, CLAPPING HIS hands. ¡°So¡­ that happened.¡±

   ¡°Keefe¡ª¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m fine, Foster,¡± he interrupted in a squeaky voice that sounded
anything but fine. ¡°Seriously! Why wouldn¡¯t I be? I mean¡­ sure, we just
let a traitor go free in order to learn about how my mom did some
freaky fertility thing to herself and my dad, so they¡¯d have a kid with
some weird mystery ability. But¡­ you know what that means?¡±
   ¡°That you and our pretty blond moonlark probably understand each
other better than anybody?¡± Ro suggested, batting her eyes when he
turned to scowl at her. ¡°What? I¡¯m just saying! That¡¯s an awfully
unique thing to have in common!¡±
   ¡°It is,¡± Sophie had to agree.
   Keefe shook his head. ¡°Nah¡ªit¡¯s two totally different things. Foster
was, like¡­ planned and researched and tested and hidden away and
monitored and guided and protected. I mean, say what you want about
the elves who signed up to be your secret genetic parents,¡± he told
Sophie, ¡°but as far as the Black Swan goes, they tried really hard to do
right by you. Meanwhile, my mom was apparently like, ¡®Eh, let¡¯s drink
this stuff that¡¯ll almost kill us and see what happens to our baby!¡¯ And
then it didn¡¯t work, so she was like¡­ ¡®I know! Let¡¯s make a Shade do
some stupid trick when my son¡¯s already way past manifesting age and
see if that fixes it!¡¯ And then her Shade died, so she was like, ¡®No
worries, I¡¯ll kidnap this surly guy with ugly bangs and make him take
over!¡¯ So¡­ clearly her planning skills need a little help¡ªbut I guess we
already knew that because of how many times the Neverseen¡¯s plans
have just been, like, bizarre.¡±

   ¡°Keefe,¡± Sophie tried again.
   But he kept right on going, turning to pace the empty bedroom as
he told her, ¡°The more you think about it, the more it all makes zero
sense, doesn¡¯t it? Like¡­ I know we¡¯ve joked about me being your
nemesis before, but¡ª¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re not my nemesis,¡± Sophie assured him.
   ¡°I¡¯m not,¡± he agreed. ¡°I¡¯m older than you, for one thing. But¡­ either
way¡­ it¡¯s looking like¡­ I don¡¯t know¡­ but you know what I do know?
As I was trying to say before I was so rudely interrupted by my
bodyguard¡ªthis means I now have a totally epic new way to
disappoint Mommy Dearest! And¡ª¡±
   ¡°Keefe!¡± Sophie jumped in front of him and grabbed his shoulders¡ª
both of them jolting from her enhancing. ¡°Sorry,¡± she said, dropping
her arms. ¡°I forgot I don¡¯t have my gloves on. And will you please take
a deep breath and hear me out for a second?¡± She waited for him to
nod before she told him, ¡°Okay, first: I definitely agree that your
mom¡¯s plan sounds pretty ridiculous¡ªbut that might be because we
don¡¯t have all of the information. Or it might be because the pieces
we¡¯ve gotten came from damaged memories and Alvar. Or it might
really be that crazy. Either way¡ªyou can¡¯t let that make you take this
any less seriously¡ª¡±
   ¡°Oh, I¡¯m taking it seriously,¡± Keefe assured her. ¡°And I guarantee,
Foster¡ªthere¡¯s no way I¡¯m letting my mom trigger that ability.¡±
   ¡°Good¡ªbecause that¡¯s my second thing,¡± Sophie told him.
¡°Remember how you¡¯re supposed to be staying far away from the
Neverseen¡ªand anything that might possibly be connected to them?
I¡¯ve been letting that slide these last few days so we could make some
progress on your missing memories¡ªand we¡¯ve ended up having a big
showdown with your mom and a run-in with Alvar, so we¡¯re pretty
lucky that something horrible didn¡¯t happen. And now we have a much
clearer sense of the dangerous weirdness your mom is planning, so¡­¡±

   Keefe backed up a step, shaking his head. ¡°Uh-uh, Foster. You¡¯re
not making me sit all of this out.¡±

   ¡°No, that¡¯s my job,¡± Ro corrected. ¡°Remember that bet you lost?¡±
   ¡°Yeah, but¡ª¡±
   ¡°There¡¯s no ¡®but¡¯!¡± Ro interrupted. ¡°And if you even think about
rebelling, keep in mind that I still owe you some major payback for
that amoeba stunt, so do you really want to find out what¡¯ll happen if
we add ¡®violated the sacred terms of our bet¡¯ to the punishment I¡¯m
planning? You know how creative I can be, Hunkyhair. You know I¡¯ll
make sure you¡¯re never quite the same.¡±
   Keefe sighed and sank onto the bed, propping his elbows on his
knees and resting his head in his hands. ¡°So¡­ what? I¡¯m just supposed
to go back to drawing in my little notebooks while you guys deal with
all of this?¡±
   ¡°Deal with it how?¡± Sophie asked, plopping down on the bed beside
him. ¡°You¡¯re making it sound like we have an actual plan¡ªand you
know that¡¯s not how this works! We¡¯re going to be stuck trying to
puzzle out all of these random pieces of information for who knows
how long. You won¡¯t be missing out on anything, except watching me
fail epically at being Team Valiant¡¯s leader and Fitz¡¯s girlfriend.¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re not failing at either of those things,¡± Keefe assured her
quietly.
   ¡°Oh, I definitely am,¡± Sophie mumbled, kicking her heels against
the bed. ¡°I still haven¡¯t checked in with my teammates today, even
though I told them I would. And I just let Alvar escape¡ªand you know
how much Fitz is going to love hearing that.¡±
   She stared at the verdigris bands on her thumbs, tracing her finger
over the engraved initials¡ªSEF and FAV. They¡¯d been a gift from Fitz
¡ªa symbol of their Cognate connection. And she rarely got to see
them now that she was always wearing gloves¡ªwhich felt like a
metaphor somehow. She just couldn¡¯t quite figure out the significance.

   Keefe sighed. ¡°Well¡­ at least those are two easy problems to fix.
We¡¯re done here, and it¡¯s still early enough for you to hail your
teammates as soon as you get home, right?¡±

   Sophie glanced out the window, noting that the sun was still a few
hours from setting.

   But she was sure it¡¯d be dark by the time she was done talking to
Fitz.

   ¡°Let me handle Fitzy,¡± Keefe told her, obviously feeling her mood
shift.

   And Sophie started to shake her head, but he reached up, gently
grabbing her chin.

   ¡°I know what you¡¯re going to say,¡± he told her, ignoring the loud
sighing sounds that Ro was making. ¡°And letting Alvar go wasn¡¯t all
your idea. Plus, I¡¯m the one who benefitted from it.¡±

   ¡°But¡ª¡±
   ¡°Let me handle Fitzy,¡± Keefe repeated. ¡°He¡¯s my best friend, and I¡¯m
an Empath. I know how to get through to him better than anyone.¡±
   Keefe did seem to have a way of helping Fitz keep control of his
temper. But¡­
   ¡°I¡¯ll only agree to this if you promise me one thing,¡± Sophie said as
he dropped his hand from her chin. ¡°You have to tell Fitz that I was a
part of what happened with his brother. No taking all the blame on
yourself. I¡¯m serious,¡± she added when Keefe started to argue.
¡°Promise me that, or I¡¯m going with you when you talk to him.¡±
   Keefe nodded slowly. ¡°All right, Foster, I promise I won¡¯t cover for
you.¡±

   ¡°Do you also promise you¡¯ll go back to focusing on your memories?¡±
she pressed, and Keefe flopped back on the bed. ¡°And that you¡¯ll do
everything you can to stay far away from the Neverseen?¡±

   He clearly wasn¡¯t happy about it. But he told her, ¡°Yeah. I¡¯ll keep
hiding from my legacy.¡±

   And they both tried to believe that his mom would let it be that
easy.

Sophie wasn¡¯t sure how much Keefe wanted her to share about their
recent discoveries when she group-hailed Stina, Dex, Wylie, and Biana.
But she decided her teammates needed to know at least some of the
details so they would understand what they were up against.

   She left out all the stuff about weird fertility treatments and focused
on the fact that Keefe¡¯s mom would probably be having Tam try to use
shadowflux to trigger some sort of extra ability in Keefe.

   And she reminded them that Tam thought the process would be
fatal.

   ¡°Should we have Maruca stay with Keefe?¡± Stina asked. ¡°That way
she can put a force field around him if his mom shows up at his house
or something?¡±

   ¡°Tam can break through force fields,¡± Sophie reminded her,
wishing that Shades weren¡¯t quite so powerful. Because Keefe probably
was going to need extra protection. And Sophie had no idea what
would actually be able to stop Tam.

   ¡°Have you told any of this to Linh?¡± Wylie asked, and Sophie fought
back a tinge of guilt as she shook her head.

   ¡°I¡¯ll tell her,¡± he offered.
   ¡°And I¡¯ll reach back out to Lady Zillah,¡± Stina added, ¡°and see if she
has any ideas on how shadowflux would trigger an ability¡ªor how to
stop it, or¡­ I don¡¯t know. Seems worth checking.¡±

   ¡°It is,¡± Sophie agreed, wishing she¡¯d thought of the idea herself.
   The best she¡¯d come up with was to mention to Dex, ¡°I don¡¯t
suppose you can build a gadget¡ª¡±
   ¡°That¡¯ll block shadowflux?¡± Dex finished for her. ¡°I doubt it, since I
don¡¯t really understand how that stuff works. But I¡¯ll still do some
brainstorming.¡±
   ¡°If you need me to enhance you again, let me know,¡± she offered¡ª
and almost ended the conversation there.
   But¡­
   Biana deserved to know about Alvar.
   The news did not go over well¡ªespecially the part about how Alvar
was very likely dying.
   And when Sophie asked, ¡°Are you mad at me for letting him go?¡±
there was an endless stretch of silence.
   But Biana did sound like she meant it when she eventually told
Sophie, ¡°No.¡±
   That was all.
   Just that one word.
   But it was enough to give Sophie a trickle of hope that maybe
Keefe¡¯s conversation with Fitz wasn¡¯t going as badly as she feared.
   Part of her wanted to sit there, staring at her Imparter long after her
teammates had clicked away, waiting to see if Keefe or Fitz would hail
her. But she was getting better about remembering to focus on the
bigger, less personal problems.
   Sandor was updating Flori on everything, so Flori could pass a
message on to Mr. Forkle. But the Council should probably know as
well¡ªand not just the bullet points, like Sophie had given her
teammates.

   The Council should have the whole story.
   And since the idea of discussing fertility treatments with Bronte
sounded about as fun as having her head chewed on by a T. rex, Sophie
told her Imparter to show her Councillor Oralie.
   The pretty blond Councillor¡¯s expression was impossible to read as
Sophie filled her in on everything. The only noticeable reaction was a
slight flinch when Sophie described how painful Lady Gisela¡¯s
¡°treatment¡± had been.
   ¡°Thank you for telling me,¡± Oralie said when Sophie finished. ¡°I¡¯ll
admit, I¡¯m not entirely sure what to do with that information.¡±
   ¡°Neither am I,¡± Sophie said. ¡°But I still thought you should know.¡±
   ¡°We should,¡± Oralie agreed. ¡°And actually¡­ it¡¯s helped me make up
my mind about something I¡¯ve been debating. Mr. Forkle told me that
the strength of your enhancing has increased significantly since your
abilities were reset, and that he¡¯s now hoping you¡¯ll be able to find the
means within yourself to switch the power on and off in order to
prevent anyone from taking advantage. I¡¯m assuming you¡¯ve not had
much luck with that endeavor?¡±
   ¡°I haven¡¯t,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°It turns out I¡¯m not good at journeys of
self-discovery.¡±
   ¡°Few of us are,¡± Oralie assured her. ¡°And honestly, I think a
¡®journey¡¯ is the wrong way of looking at it. I think it¡¯s more about
being aware of yourself and being mindful of your power and focusing
on becoming fully aware of how everything within you is working in
each moment.¡±
   ¡°Okay,¡± Sophie said, biting her tongue to stop herself from pointing
out how that sounded even more vague and confusing than Mr.
Forkle¡¯s suggestions.
   Oralie laughed. ¡°I realize that probably seems very abstract. Which
is why I¡¯d love to walk you through an exercise that might be helpful.
It¡¯s something used in empathy training, but since my ability is also
connected to touch, I think it could easily apply to enhancing.¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m game,¡± Sophie told her, happy for any help she could get. ¡°Did
you want to try it now, or¡­?¡±

   ¡°I suppose it would be wise to avoid delay,¡± Oralie agreed,
¡°especially since the challenges we¡¯re facing do seem to be gathering
momentum. Can you come to my office?¡±

   ¡°Oh, you want to do it in person?¡± Sophie asked.
   ¡°The exercise works best if we can be in physical contact,¡± Oralie
explained. ¡°But I¡¯m just now realizing that it¡¯s late and you¡¯ve had a
trying day, so if you¡¯re tired, we can choose another time.¡±
   It was late.
   And Sophie was tired.
   And part of her still wanted to sit around waiting to see if she¡¯d hear
from Fitz or Keefe.
   But her mind reminded her of the ominous words Oralie had just
used.
   Gathering momentum. Gathering momentum. Gathering momentum.
   ¡°Just let me tell my parents where I¡¯m going,¡± Sophie decided.
   Oralie nodded. ¡°I¡¯ll be waiting.¡±
               FORTY-TWO

SO¡­ HOW DO WE DO this?¡± Sophie asked, ordering herself to relax as

she surveyed the diamond-shaped sitting room that Oralie had led her
to. But her heart still insisted on beating much faster and louder than
it should¡ªwhich was ridiculous.

   Oralie was a nice Councillor.
   A trustworthy Councillor.
   A Councillor who¡¯d always been on Sophie¡¯s side and had helped
her numerous times.
   She was Sophie¡¯s assigned point of contact for Team Valiant.
   She¡¯d even given Sophie a makeover!
   And Sophie had been in that same sitting room once before, and
nothing scary had happened¡ªand surely nothing scary could happen
in a room that was so sparkly and pretty and¡­ pink.
   Pink armchairs.
   Pink jeweled ottomans.
   Pink chandeliers.
   Pink stones set into the glittering walls in intricate floral patterns.
   It was basically Biana¡¯s dream space.
   And Ro¡¯s worst nightmare.
   But the Council had a strict ¡°no bodyguards in the Councillors¡¯
offices¡± policy, so the ogre princess would never have to endure the
sparkly pink overload.
   Even Sandor had been forced to take up a post outside of the
massive crystal castle¡ªwhich meant that it was just Sophie and Oralie
standing alone among all of that rose-colored shimmer. And it felt¡­
   ¡­ awkward.
   And overwhelming.
   And intimidating.
   It didn¡¯t help that Sophie had forgotten to curtsy when Oralie first

opened the door. Or that Sophie hadn¡¯t thought to change before
heading over, so she was still wearing a simple white tunic and gray
leggings. Meanwhile, Oralie¡¯s perfect blond ringlets were crowned
with her pink-tourmaline circlet, and her pink gown was made from
different lengths of tulle, as if the skirt had been sewn together from
oversize, pearl-lined rose petals.

   ¡°It¡¯s probably best if we sit,¡± Oralie suggested, and Sophie
obediently sank onto one of the throne-size armchairs.

   As soon as she was settled, another chair floated off of the floor and
drifted much closer before lowering gently back down.

   ¡°Does my telekinesis surprise you?¡± Oralie asked as she took the
seat that was now right across from Sophie, sitting with the kind of
regal posture that made Sophie feel like a gorgodon.

   Sophie sat up straighter, folding her gloved hands and resting them
neatly in her lap. ¡°I know it shouldn¡¯t. I just don¡¯t see people use it
very often.¡±

   She often forgot about it herself¡ªwhich was silly, since it would
make a ton of stuff so much easier.

   Oralie smoothed the sleeves of her gown. ¡°I¡¯ll confess, I find myself
wondering more and more what price we pay for emphasizing ability
over skill. How much stronger would our world be if we embraced the
powers that unite us instead of narrowing our focus to that which sets
us apart?¡±

   ¡°I¡­ don¡¯t know,¡± Sophie mumbled when she realized that Oralie
was waiting for an answer.
   ¡°Sorry,¡± Oralie told her, ¡°I¡¯ve gotten off topic, haven¡¯t I? I brought
you here to walk you through a countdown exercise.¡±

   ¡°Countdown?¡± Sophie repeated as her brain started picturing a
whole lot of things that went boom!

   ¡°It¡¯s painless, I promise,¡± Oralie assured her. ¡°Think of it as a way
of guiding your mind to a different sort of awareness¡ªone without
pressure or judgment. A method of acknowledging what you¡¯re
experiencing and allowing yourself to feel it. These types of exercises
are essential in empathy training, since Empaths must learn to
separate our own emotions from those we¡¯re reading¡ªand not judge,
condemn, or interfere with either feeling. But as I said earlier, I think,
with a few tweaks, this kind of exercise could also be very useful for
helping you isolate how each of your abilities functions and learn to
better control them¡ªespecially your enhancing, since that¡¯s another
touch-based power. Did you know Empaths have to train ourselves not
to automatically read the emotions of everyone our hands come in
contact with?¡±

   Sophie shook her head. ¡°I always thought it was like my telepathy,
and you had to concentrate in order to take a reading¡ªat least around
elves.¡±

   Human thoughts broadcast straight into her brain like radio
transmissions unless she shielded her mind, and Keefe had made it
sound like human emotions were equally bombarding.

   ¡°We have to concentrate if we want to translate what we¡¯re feeling,¡±
Oralie corrected, ¡°but the basic act of sensing emotions is somewhat
second nature, and it takes practice and training to teach ourselves to
leave the feelings where they are and not pick them up.¡±

   ¡°Pick them up?¡± Sophie echoed.
   ¡°That¡¯s part of the visualization technique we use. It¡¯s like¡±¡ªshe
reached for her forehead, running her fingers across several of the pink
tourmalines¡ª¡°I¡¯m touching this circlet right now¡ªbut that doesn¡¯t
mean I have to do this.¡± She lifted the circlet off of her head and set it
on a jewel-inlaid table beside her.

   ¡°And picking up an emotion is different than translating it?¡± Sophie
asked.

   ¡°It is. We can feel without understanding. But it¡¯s far better to leave
the feelings where they are¡ªparticularly if they¡¯re intense or negative.
Empaths need to set limits to save ourselves from the emotional
overload we¡¯d suffer if we had to feel all things from all people at all
times¡ªbut I¡¯ve sidetracked us again, haven¡¯t I?¡± she asked, her cheeks
flushing even pinker than her gown. ¡°Sorry, I just want you to see that
there is a method to all of this¡ªand proven success¡ªsince as we work
through this there may be moments when you¡¯ll wonder what the point
of it all is.¡±

   ¡°It¡¯s fine,¡± Sophie assured her. ¡°I trust you.¡±
   Oralie¡¯s lips pulled into a smile, and her blush shifted to more of a
rosy glow as she murmured, ¡°I¡¯m glad to hear it.¡±
   ¡°And wait¡ªdoes that mean Keefe might be able to stop himself
from picking up my emotions through the air?¡± Sophie wondered.
   ¡°That I don¡¯t know,¡± Oralie admitted. ¡°Especially given what we
now know about the rather unique origins of Keefe¡¯s abilities. My gut
tells me there is a way for him to take control¡ªbut that may be
because I prefer to believe that nothing is beyond our grasp. Which is
why I¡¯m excited to try this exercise on you. It¡¯s honestly always
bothered me that enhancing is viewed as such an unruly, automatic
thing. I¡¯d love to disprove that notion.¡±
   ¡°So would I,¡± Sophie admitted, holding up her hands and wiggling
her fingers, which looked especially marshmallowy thanks to all the
layers of gloves.
   ¡°You should take those off before we begin,¡± Oralie told her. ¡°And
remove the gadgets that Dex designed for you as well. You can set
them here so they¡¯re not in contact with you at all¡ªjust in case they
have any latent effect.¡±

   She flicked her wrist, making the jewel-inlaid table float to a spot
right beside Sophie, and as Sophie piled her gloves and fingernail
gadgets there, she noticed that Oralie hadn¡¯t bothered to put her
circlet back on.

   ¡°I want you to feel comfortable as we work through this,¡± Oralie
explained before Sophie could ask about it, ¡°and I thought it might
help if I didn¡¯t look so much like a Councillor.¡±

   ¡°But you are a Councillor,¡± Sophie felt the need to remind her.
   ¡°I am,¡± Oralie conceded. ¡°But for this moment, just think of me as a
Mentor. And try to see this as nothing more than another one of your
many Foxfire ability sessions.¡±
   ¡°I guess I can do that,¡± Sophie agreed, deciding not to point out
how often her ability sessions were stressful disasters¡ªparticularly the
one that was also mentored by a Councillor.
   ¡°Try to relax,¡± Oralie said, holding out her hands.
   Sophie leaned forward to take them¡ªthen pulled her arms back
before their fingers connected. ¡°My enhancing¡¯s extra strong with
Empaths,¡± she warned, ¡°so I don¡¯t know if that¡¯ll be too distracting.¡±
   Oralie frowned. ¡°Only with Empaths?¡±
   ¡°Also with Telepaths,¡± Sophie corrected. ¡°Any idea why?¡±
   ¡°Not necessarily¡­¡± Which wasn¡¯t really an answer, but Sophie
decided not to point that out either. ¡°I¡¯m sure I can handle your
enhancing¡ªbut maybe it¡¯s better if we hold each other¡¯s wrists. That
way our palms and fingertips don¡¯t directly connect, since that¡¯s where
both of our abilities are the most sensitive.¡±
   Oralie stretched her arms out a little farther, and Sophie held her
breath as she grabbed onto Oralie¡¯s wrists at the same time that Oralie
grabbed onto hers¡ªand both of them jolted from the shock of sparks
that zinged up their arms.

   ¡°Sorry,¡± Sophie mumbled, trying to pull her hands free.
   Oralie tightened her grip. ¡°It¡¯s fine, Sophie. Actually¡­ I think this
might be helpful. It¡¯s a whole other world of clarity.¡± She tilted her
head, studying Sophie like she was seeing her for the first time. ¡°You
are so brave. So determined. I can feel that now more than ever. But I
feel your nerves¡ªand while I understand them, I want you to
acknowledge your nervousness, and then let it go. As I said, this is
simply an exercise. Try not to overthink it.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll try.¡± Sophie took a slow, deep breath. Then another. And
another. ¡°I should warn you: I¡¯m not very good at clearing my head.¡±
   Oralie smiled. ¡°I know the feeling. But the good news is, the point
of this exercise is to become more aware¡ªnot less. And I¡¯ll be guiding
you to the proper kind of focus. Are you ready to begin?¡±
   ¡°I guess,¡± Sophie hedged, taking another deep breath before closing
her eyes. ¡°What do I do?¡±
   Oralie cleared her throat. ¡°I¡¯m going to walk you through a
countdown of sorts, that focuses on each of your abilities¡ªstarting
with your telepathy, then your inflicting, then your teleporting, then
your talent as a Polyglot, and finally your enhancing. So to begin, I
want you to think about how it feels to be a Telepath¡ªand I don¡¯t
mean to use the ability now. That would make it too difficult for you to
focus. Fortunately, you have a photographic memory, so you should be
able to recall the experience vividly. So remember the last time you
opened your mind to someone else and searched their thoughts. And
as you visualize that, I want you to give me five words¡ªfive sensations
¡ªthat define the way your telepathy works. What is it like to open
your mind to someone else¡¯s consciousness? And not what you hear or
see or learn. How does that feel?¡±

   ¡°Um¡­¡±
   Sophie had a hunch she was going to be very bad at this, but she
squeezed her eyes tighter and tried to do as Oralie instructed.
   Technically, the last mind she¡¯d searched was Lord Cassius¡¯s¡ªand
she did not feel like reliving that wonderful experience. So she pictured
the mental conversation she¡¯d had with Keefe afterward, which still
hadn¡¯t been pleasant, since she¡¯d had to show Keefe those horrible
memories. But¡­ there was always something so natural about using
her telepathy with Keefe. She barely had to try to let her consciousness
reach for him and¡­
   ¡°I guess there¡¯s usually a stretching sensation,¡± Sophie said quietly,
¡°as I reach for the other person¡¯s thoughts. Is that the kind of feeling
you¡¯re looking for?¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s a wonderful start,¡± Oralie assured her. ¡°But I think for the
purposes of this exercise, it might be better to focus on a more
emotional sensation, rather than such a physical one.¡±
   ¡°Okay, but¡­ I don¡¯t know what that would be,¡± Sophie mumbled.
   ¡°All right. Well. I¡¯m not a Telepath, but would you say that you¡¯re
forming connections when you use the ability?¡±
   Sophie nodded.
   ¡°Perfect. So let¡¯s make the first word ¡®unifying.¡¯ Does that help you
see what kind of sensations we¡¯re looking for?¡±
   ¡°Maybe?¡± Sophie said.
   Oralie smiled. ¡°You¡¯ll get it, I promise. Just try to really visualize
the experience.¡±
   Sophie sighed. ¡°Well¡­ telepathy usually makes me a little tired by
the end.¡±
   ¡°Okay¡ªand why does it make you tired?¡± Oralie asked.
   ¡°Uh¡­ I guess it¡¯s that the whole process is kind of draining? Like, I
can feel my mental power pouring out of me the longer I stay
connected.¡±

   ¡°Good,¡± Oralie told her. ¡°So ¡®unifying,¡¯ ¡®draining¡¯¡ªwhat else? We
need three more.¡±

   Ugh, she might as well have asked for a million.
   And they still had to do this with four more abilities?
   ¡°Really think,¡± Oralie told her. ¡°Embrace your memories of the
experience without trying to edit them into the answers you think I
want to hear.¡±
   Sophie blew out a breath. ¡°Um, okay, well¡­ this is going to sound
like I¡¯m contradicting myself, but¡­ using my telepathy also feels a
little energizing.¡±
   ¡°Good! Not a contradiction at all. An experience is never one thing.
Exercise is both invigorating and exhausting, isn¡¯t it?¡±
   ¡°True,¡± Sophie admitted.
   ¡°Okay, ¡®unifying,¡¯ ¡®draining,¡¯ ¡®energizing¡¯¡ªwhat else captures the
feel of being a Telepath?¡±
   ¡°Well, it¡¯s kind of¡­ inspiring,¡± Sophie said, feeling her cheeks burn
with the confession. ¡°People have so much more going on in their
heads than we realize.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m certain they do. Same thing can be said for emotions, by the
way¡ªbut that¡¯s beside the point. Excellent! ¡®Unifying,¡¯ ¡®draining,¡¯
¡®energizing,¡¯ ¡®inspiring¡¯¡ªyou just need one more.¡±
   An answer floated through Sophie¡¯s mind, but it didn¡¯t feel like the
right word.
   ¡°Just say it,¡± Oralie told her, gently squeezing Sophie¡¯s wrists. ¡°I can
tell you¡¯ve thought of something.¡±
   ¡°I did, but ¡®frightening¡¯ sounds so negative.¡±
   ¡°There¡¯s no negative or positive here. Only the truth of your
experience. And isn¡¯t it frightening to wander through someone¡¯s
mind?¡± Oralie pressed.

   ¡°It¡­ can be.¡±
   Something about admitting that out loud and recognizing the
sensations made Sophie¡¯s heart feel a tiny bit lighter, and her head
hummed with a rush of new energy that made her mind feel stronger
and sharper.
   ¡°See?¡± Oralie asked. ¡°There¡¯s power that comes with
acknowledging the truth of what we experience, without measuring it
as good or bad, positive or negative. It simply is what it is. And for you,
telepathy is unifying, draining, energizing, inspiring, and frightening.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, I guess it is.¡± Sophie sat up taller, feeling much less
intimidated when she said, ¡°Okay, what¡¯s next?¡±
   But then she remembered it was her inflicting.
   ¡°I know this isn¡¯t your favorite ability,¡± Oralie told her. ¡°And I
debated about whether I should make it fourth in the countdown, or
third. But given your newfound control, and the untold depths of this
power, I think it¡¯s best to give it that added bit of discovery. So relax,
take a deep breath, and give me four words that sum up the feeling of
inflicting¡ªand again, don¡¯t try to censor them or shape them. Be
honest about the experience.¡±
   Sophie chewed her lip, replaying that overwhelming moment next
to Big Ben.
   And she realized she¡¯d already found her first word.
¡°¡®Overwhelming.¡¯¡±
   She added ¡°empowering¡± right after, which felt a little strange to
admit, given that it was such a dark ability, but¡­ it was empowering to
know that she could face her enemies and not have to hide or cower
anymore.
   ¡°What else?¡± Oralie asked, and it took Sophie a lot more emotional
digging to realize her inflicting was both unsettling and refreshing¡ªbut
it was. Owning the dark feelings inside herself would never be a
comfortable process¡ªbut purging them all felt like a reset.

   And when she repeated all four terms out loud¡ª¡°overwhelming,
empowering, unsettling, refreshing¡±¡ªshe felt her heart lighten again,
along with another hum of energy that flooded both her mind and her
chest.

   Another burst of strength, right at the core of the ability.
   The same thing happened after she decided that teleporting was
liberating, surprising, and alarming.
   And again when she realized being a Polyglot felt both humbling and
uplifting.
   ¡°Down to enhancing,¡± Oralie said softly, ¡°and while I¡¯m sure there
are many words to describe the experience, I want you to choose the
one that feels the most defining to you¡ªand remember, it should be
about your experience with the ability, not how it affects anyone else.¡±
   A word popped immediately into Sophie¡¯s mind, but¡ª
   ¡°No,¡± Oralie said before Sophie could even finish the thought, and
she gave Sophie¡¯s wrists another gentle squeeze. ¡°Don¡¯t edit yourself.
What word did you just think of?¡±
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°It wasn¡¯t the right word.¡±
   ¡°How do you know?¡± Oralie countered. ¡°Tell me and we¡¯ll see what
happens.¡±
   Sophie sighed. ¡°I thought of ¡®frustrating,¡¯ because I can¡¯t control it
¡ªbut that¡¯s why we¡¯re doing this, so¡­¡±
   ¡°We are. But you¡¯re on the right track. How does the ability make
you feel? How do you feel about the gloves and the fingernail gadgets
and the fact that someone could use the ability against you?¡±
   ¡°I¡­ hate it,¡± Sophie whispered. ¡°It¡¯s so restricting.¡±
   As soon as the word left her lips, she felt her heart shift¡ªand not
just lighten. It was more like¡­

   Like it settled into a slightly new position.
   The right position.
   Uncovering a small, delicate thread underneath.
   A raw nerve.
   Another rush of energy hummed around it, and Sophie let it soak in,
feeling the nerve twist and tighten until it felt like¡­
   A string on a violin¡ªand when she let her will slide across it, she
felt the tiniest tug in her chest, zinging down her arms, all the way to
her fingertips, where¡­
   ¡­ her enhancing flickered off.
   ¡°Whoa,¡± Sophie breathed, blinking her eyes to focus on Oralie, who
was flashing the brightest, loveliest smile Sophie had ever seen. ¡°I
can¡¯t believe that worked. How did that work?¡±
   ¡°Honestly, it¡¯s a little abstract even for me,¡± Oralie admitted. ¡°But I
think it comes down to the raw honesty of the exercise. You separated
yourself from all of the preconceived notions of what you wanted your
abilities to be, or what you thought they should be, and found the pure,
simple truth¡ªthat for every advantage they bring, they also carry a
complication. And you can own the challenge of that without being
daunted by it because the responsibility of each ability is something
you were made to carry, made to control, made to overpower.¡±
   ¡°I guess that sorta makes sense,¡± Sophie murmured, dropping one
of Oralie¡¯s wrists so she could rub her chest. ¡°Unless I just turned off
my enhancing for good.¡±
   Oralie shook her head. ¡°Try turning it back on¡ªwithout fear or
doubt. Turn it back on because you want it to be on.¡±
   Sophie wasn¡¯t sure what that meant, but she closed her eyes and felt
for that same fragile nerve, thinking of all the good things her
enhancing brought, and when her heart stepped up a beat, she let that
rhythm slide down that new nerve ending and¡­

   Another soft tug had her fingertips buzzing with enough energy to
make Oralie¡¯s wrist flinch in her grasp.

   ¡°Sorry, should I let go?¡± she asked, but Oralie tightened her hold.
   ¡°No,¡± she murmured, ¡°it¡¯s fascinating to feel the emotional shifts
you¡¯re experiencing. Such confidence and wonder and confusion and
pride. I strongly suspect that the more you focus on whatever you¡¯re
doing to affect the power, the more you¡¯ll notice subtleties that will
allow you to even decide how much you want to enhance someone, so
that it¡¯s no longer an all-or-nothing ability.¡±
   ¡°Really?¡± Sophie asked, rubbing her chest again.
   ¡°Is that where the control pulls from?¡± Oralie asked, pointing to
Sophie¡¯s hand, where her fingers massaged a spot close to the center of
her ribs, just to the right of her heart.
   ¡°I think so.¡± Sophie switched her enhancing off again to test it.
¡°Yeah, that¡¯s where I feel the tug.¡±
   Oralie smiled. ¡°I knew enhancing had to rely on the same inner
strength as empathy! It explains so much!¡±
   ¡°It does?¡± Sophie asked.
   ¡°Well¡­ it at least explains why your enhancing is so much stronger
on Empaths.¡±
   ¡°True,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°Though my enhancing¡¯s also stronger on
Telepaths¡ªbut that might be because of what Lord Cassius said. He
said the way I use my telepathy reminds him of an Empath,¡± she
explained when she saw Oralie¡¯s confusion. ¡°I pick up on emotions
with my thoughts, I guess, without having to be in the emotional
center. Have you ever heard of anyone doing that?¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Oralie admitted, turning her head to study Sophie. ¡°But given
your unique history, I can¡¯t say I¡¯m surprised.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, neither am I,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°Though it makes me
wonder¡­¡±

   ¡°Wonder what?¡± Oralie pressed when Sophie didn¡¯t finish.
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°I¡¯m not supposed to be thinking about that
right now.¡±
   ¡°Well, I don¡¯t know what you mean¡ªbut it¡¯s clearly upsetting you.¡±
She ran her thumb across Sophie¡¯s wrist to remind her she could feel
everything Sophie was feeling right now. ¡°It might help to at least talk
about it.¡±
   Sophie sighed, reaching up to tug out an itchy eyelash. ¡°I was just
thinking about something that Lady Cadence told Biana and Stina. She
said she thinks the Black Swan wouldn¡¯t have given me the same
abilities as my biological parents because that would make it too easy
for people to figure out who they were. And if she¡¯s right¡­ their
genetics would probably still affect me in certain ways, you know? And
so many things about me are similar to Empaths, so¡­ maybe that¡¯s
what one of my parents is.¡±
   Oralie went silent.
   ¡°Don¡¯t worry¡ªI¡¯m not going to get all distracted by this like I was
before,¡± Sophie promised. ¡°I told Stina and Biana and Keefe to stop
coming up with theories and questioning people about whether or not
they¡¯re my biological parents until everything settles down with the
dwarves.¡±
   Oralie frowned. ¡°Wait¡­ does that mean¡­ you thought Lady Cadence
was your mother?¡±
   Sophie¡¯s cheeks burned as she nodded. ¡°It¡¯s not like I wanted to be
related to her or anything. But¡­ she¡¯s a Polyglot, so it seemed worth
looking into¡ªbut Biana and Stina were pretty convinced that she was
telling the truth when she said she¡¯s not. And if she¡¯s also right about
her theory, then the abilities don¡¯t really tell me anything anyway¡ª
unless I¡¯m right that the abilities would still affect me in certain ways.
It kinda makes sense, doesn¡¯t it? Especially if it¡¯s an Empath?¡±

   ¡°No,¡± Oralie told her¡ªso firmly and immediately that Sophie
should¡¯ve been disappointed.

   But.
   But.
   She¡¯d¡­ also felt a tiny shift in Oralie¡¯s pulse.
   Three skipped beats.
   And Sophie¡¯s own heart tripped over itself when she remembered
what that meant.
   ¡°So¡­,¡± Sophie said slowly, wanting to make sure she hadn¡¯t
imagined the tell, ¡°you don¡¯t think one of my biological parents could
be an Empath?¡±
   ¡°I honestly haven¡¯t given it a lot of thought,¡± Oralie told her, pulling
her wrist free.
   But before she did, Sophie felt it again.
   Three skipped beats.
   And Oralie could¡¯ve been lying for any number of reasons.
   But¡­ Sophie couldn¡¯t stop her brain from reminding her that Oralie
was an Empath.
   A blond Empath.
   Who¡¯d always supported the Black Swan.
   And the fact that she was a Councillor would definitely explain why
her identity had to be kept secret.
   And the more those thoughts swirled around in Sophie¡¯s head, the
more solid they started to feel.
   The more settled.
   Final.
   Real.
   So before she could think it through or change her mind, Sophie
lunged forward, grabbing Oralie¡¯s wrist as she blurted out, ¡°You¡¯re my
mother¡­ aren¡¯t you?¡±

   And when Oralie said, ¡°No!¡± there were three more skipped
heartbeats.
              FORTY-THREE

YOU ARE,¡± SOPHIE BREATHED, STILL not letting go of Oralie¡¯s wrist.

¡°You¡¯re¡­ my biological mother.¡±
   Oralie met her gaze, and Sophie searched Oralie¡¯s face¡ªher

features¡ªfor some similarity.
   Some final confirmation.
   But it turned out that Sophie didn¡¯t need it.
   Because this time Oralie told her, ¡°Yes.¡±
   And there were no missed heartbeats.
   Just a pulse that was hammering as loud and fast and erratically as

Sophie¡¯s.
   And for a long breath, they just stared at each other.
   And stared.
   And stared.
   Until Oralie said, ¡°Sophie, I¡­¡±
   And Sophie waited for her to finish that sentence.
   And waited.
   And waited.
   And waited.
   But all she got at the end was Oralie telling her, ¡°I¡­ can¡¯t do this.¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t care!¡± Sophie shouted, tightening her grip on Oralie¡¯s arm.
   Oralie could drag her across the floor if she wanted to¡ªbut she

didn¡¯t get to run away from this conversation.
   Not after¡­
   Sophie¡¯s mind played through every smile that Oralie had given her
over the years.

   Every kind word she¡¯d ever said.
   They used to mean so much.
   But now they would never be enough.
   There were too many lies.
   Mountains of them¡ªpiling up in Sophie¡¯s head.
   Smothering her.
   Crushing her.
   ¡°I know you¡¯re angry,¡± Oralie murmured¡ªand Sophie had to laugh.
   ¡°Did you figure that out on your own?¡± she asked. ¡°Or because
you¡¯re an Empath?¡±
   Empath. Empath. Empath.
   Her biological mom was an Empath.
   Her biological mom was Oralie.
   COUNCILLOR Oralie.
   And with that word came another avalanche of realizations.
   Accusations.
   ¡°You let the Council threaten to exile me!¡± Sophie snapped. ¡°And
you let them force Dex¡¯s ability restrictor onto my head! And you let
them banish me! And¡ª¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m one vote, Sophie,¡± Oralie interrupted. ¡°One. Vote. Out of
twelve. I did as much as I could¡ªbut I could only do so much.¡±
   ¡°Right,¡± Sophie said quietly. ¡°You had to make sure no one would
ever find out the truth¡ªbecause if they did¡­¡±
   Her voice abandoned her as the full reality of her situation clicked
in.
   No one could ever know.
   It was the same realization she¡¯d had when she¡¯d thought her father
was Councillor Bronte¡ªonly so much worse.
   Because Oralie was beloved by the people.
   Vital to the Black Swan.
   Essential to the Council.
   She was the only one who could keep everyone honest.
   Even though she¡¯d lied and lied and lied.
   And if Sophie told anyone the truth¡­ If Oralie was kicked off of the
Council¡­
   The loss.
   The chaos.
   It couldn¡¯t happen.
   Even if it meant¡­
   Oralie sighed.
   And the soft sound felt worse than a slap.
   ¡°This must be so tiring for you,¡± Sophie told her. ¡°Having to
actually face your daughter and admit how much you¡¯ve ruined her
life.¡±
   ¡°Ruined?¡± Oralie repeated.
   Her tone was flat.
   Emotionless.
   And it wasn¡¯t fair.
   She didn¡¯t get to be calm about this.
   ¡°I¡¯m unmatchable!¡± Sophie shouted, needing something to throw or
kick or¡­
   The jeweled table.
   Her free arm flipped it over, sending everything on it clattering
across the floor.
   Her gloves.
   Dex¡¯s gadgets.
   Oralie¡¯s circlet.
   It landed at Sophie¡¯s feet, and she wanted to step on it with her full
weight, jump up and down until the metal was a bent tangle and the
jewels were a smattering of glitter.

   But then Oralie told her, ¡°Go ahead.¡±
   And the rage shifted.
   ¡°You don¡¯t get to tell me what to do!¡± Sophie said, kicking the
circlet across the room so she wouldn¡¯t be tempted anymore. ¡°You
don¡¯t get to pretend like you care¡ª¡±
   ¡°I do care!¡± Oralie insisted.
   Sophie laughed. ¡°You let me be part of an experiment! Left me with
humans for twelve years! Ignored me as much as you could once Fitz
brought me here¡ª¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ve never ignored you!¡± Oralie argued.
   ¡°Really?¡± Sophie countered. ¡°Then where were you when Grady and
Edaline freaked out and canceled my adoption?¡±
   Oralie flinched. ¡°Alden and Della¡ª¡±
   ¡°Alden and Della stepped in and offered to raise your daughter,¡±
Sophie jumped in. ¡°And you were just going to let them.¡±
   ¡°Sophie, I couldn¡¯t¡ª¡±
   ¡°No, I get it,¡± Sophie told her. ¡°You couldn¡¯t let anyone know. Just
like you can¡¯t let anyone know now, even though I¡¯ll be stuck being
unmatchable¡ª¡±
   ¡°Sophie¡ª¡±
   ¡°Just like you couldn¡¯t stand up for Prentice!¡± Sophie added¡ªand
somehow Oralie managed to turn even paler.
   A ghost of her pretty pink self.
   ¡°I didn¡¯t know Prentice was hiding you,¡± she whispered. ¡°When I
found out¡­ I¡¯ve never been so ill.¡±
   ¡°But you knew he was part of the Black Swan,¡± Sophie argued. ¡°And
I¡¯m assuming you knew they were the good guys, since you
volunteered your future child for Project Moonlark.¡±
   ¡°You don¡¯t think the Black Swan could ever have a traitor?¡± Oralie

asked her. ¡°Back then, everything was murky. There was no clear line
between the Black Swan and the Neverseen as far as anyone could tell.
Some people didn¡¯t even believe there were two groups. And I¡¯d been
given zero information¡ª¡±

   ¡°You must¡¯ve been told something if you were willing to give them
your DNA!¡± Sophie pressed.

   ¡°Yes, I was told that I could help them create something¡ª¡±
   ¡°Something,¡± Sophie interrupted.
   ¡°A wake-up call,¡± Oralie clarified. ¡°A force for change and good,
who would make our world pay attention in a way that no one else ever
could. Make people see things for what they are, not what we thought
they were.¡±
   ¡°And you thought, ¡®Sounds like a perfect job for my child.¡¯¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Oralie said, turning toward one of the windows and staring
out at the stars. ¡°I thought it sounded like the only way I¡¯d ever be able
to have a child.¡±
   She left the words there, waiting to see what Sophie would do with
them.
   But Sophie couldn¡¯t bring herself to care. ¡°So I get to be
unmatchable now¡ªand Prentice had to spend years in Exile with a
broken mind¡ªbecause you wanted to have it all.¡±
   Oralie shook her head. ¡°Prentice spent years in Exile because of a
dozen different misunderstandings. And you¡­¡±
   Once again, Sophie waited for Oralie to finish that sentence.
   And waited.
   And waited.
   And waited.
   Until she finally had to ask, ¡°That¡¯s it?¡±
   ¡°I¡­ don¡¯t know what else you want me to say,¡± Oralie admitted.
   Sophie wanted to tell her, How about ¡°I¡¯m sorry¡±? Or how about ¡°I¡¯ll fix
this¡±? Or how about ¡°I love¡ª¡±
   But she shut down those thoughts.
   If Oralie couldn¡¯t think to say them on her own, then they weren¡¯t
worth hearing from her anyway.
   So all that was really left for Sophie to say was, ¡°It¡¯s late. Grady and
Edaline are probably starting to worry.¡±
   Oralie nodded, still staring at the stars. ¡°They¡¯re good parents,
Sophie. Far better than I ever could¡¯ve been.¡±
   ¡°They are,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°But you don¡¯t get to take credit for
them.¡±
   ¡°Don¡¯t I?¡± Oralie hesitated a beat before she reminded Sophie,
¡°Alden and Della tried to adopt you after Fitz brought you here. And I
convinced Bronte to push the rest of the Council to deny their request
and assign you to Grady and Edaline. I didn¡¯t know they¡¯d
momentarily lose their way, but¡­ I knew you needed each other.¡±
   ¡°We do,¡± Sophie told her. ¡°But that still has nothing to do with
you.¡±
   ¡°No, I suppose not,¡± Oralie murmured.
   Seconds ticked by, until Sophie finally let go of Oralie¡¯s wrist.
   Her fingers had long since gone numb. And there was nothing else
she needed to ask¡ªno more lies or excuses she wanted to hear.
   She stood and stumbled toward the door to find Sandor.
   Oralie stayed where she was.
   But she did call one question out to Sophie before she left.
   Oralie could¡¯ve said anything to her daughter in that moment. And
all she wanted to know was, ¡°Are you going to tell anybody?¡±
   ¡°Maybe,¡± Sophie told her, because she wanted to leave Oralie
worrying and hurt.
But Oralie was an Empath.
Surely she heard the lie in the word.
               FORTY-FOUR

SANDOR TOOK ONE LOOK AT Sophie¡¯s expression as she emerged

from Oralie¡¯s crystal castle and asked, ¡°Is there anything I need to
know?¡±

   And he was wise enough to let it go when Sophie told him, ¡°It¡¯s just
been¡­ a very long day,¡± as she dug out her home crystal.

   It had been a long day.
   In fact, Sophie couldn¡¯t believe that only that morning, she¡¯d leaped
to her sister¡¯s house to pick up Keefe¡¯s E.L. Fudges before heading
with him to the Shores of Solace to search Lord Cassius¡¯s memories.
   She wanted to flop into bed and sleep for a week.
   Maybe a month.
   Possibly a year.
   But the pastures weren¡¯t empty when Sophie and Sandor leaped
back to Havenfield, and Sophie had to swallow back a sigh¡ªwhich
probably made her a horrible person, given that the tall, handsome
figure pacing back and forth along the moonlit path was her boyfriend.
   But there was only one reason Fitz would be there waiting for her
that late.
   And she really wasn¡¯t sure she had the energy for that conversation.
   She also didn¡¯t seem to have much of a choice.
   ¡°I can insist that you need your rest,¡± Sandor leaned in and
whispered, and Sophie couldn¡¯t decide if the unsolicited offer proved
that her bodyguard was far more astute than she¡¯d realized, or if her
lack of enthusiasm was that obvious.
   In case it was the latter, she straightened up and forced her lips into
what she hoped was a convincing smile as she told him, ¡°Thanks, but
I¡¯ve got this. Maybe you and Grizel can give us a little space, though?¡±

   ¡°Only a little,¡± Sandor emphasized before making his way over to
where Fitz¡¯s bodyguard had just stepped out of the shadows.

   He offered Grizel his arm, and Grizel took one quick glance at her
charge before she hooked her elbow around his with a wide smile. And
as the two goblins wandered arm in arm toward one of the nearby
pastures, Sophie couldn¡¯t help envying their ease.

   They made the idea of a ¡°happy couple¡± seem so much simpler than
it was turning out to be.

   Sophie hoped she¡¯d have the same thing someday.
   But for the moment, the best she could do was keep her smile in
place as she made her way over to where Fitz stood waiting for her.
   ¡°Sorry¡ªhave you been here long?¡± she asked. ¡°I was¡­¡±
   She tried to think of something to say that might save her from
having to use the name she definitely wasn¡¯t ready to use yet.
   Before she could, Fitz told her, ¡°Grady told me you went to meet
with Councillor Oralie. What did she say?¡±
   ¡°Say?¡± Sophie repeated, realizing how many different ways there
were to answer that question.
   ¡°About Alvar,¡± he clarified, and both words dripped with so much
venom, Sophie was surprised the grass didn¡¯t wither around them.
   ¡°Oh¡­¡± She stalled, trying to remember Oralie¡¯s exact words. ¡°She
said¡­ she wasn¡¯t sure what to do with that information.¡±
   Fitz huffed out a bitter laugh, turning away and tearing a hand
through his hair. ¡°Am I seriously the only one who realizes how
dangerous he is?¡±
   ¡°Was,¡± Sophie corrected gently. ¡°You should¡¯ve seen him, Fitz¡ª¡±
   ¡°Yeah, I should¡¯ve,¡± Fitz jumped in, without a drop of sadness or
sympathy over his brother¡¯s sickly condition. ¡°But you and Keefe
apparently decided not to include me after you took over the project
that I was working on.¡±

   Sophie closed her eyes, taking a second to remind herself that Fitz
had every right to be upset.

   But for some reason that felt hard to believe at the moment.
   ¡°You know what?¡± she said, wrapping her arms around herself.
¡°Can we not do this right now? It¡¯s late. It¡¯s been a superlong day.
You¡¯re clearly upset¡ª¡±
   ¡°OF COURSE I¡¯M UPSET¡ªYOU LET ALVAR GO!¡± Fitz shouted
over her, and somewhere from the shadows Sandor cleared his throat.
   Sophie shook her head in that general direction, trying to tell
Sandor, I¡¯m fine¡ªplease don¡¯t interfere. And thankfully, no bodyguards
came charging over.
   ¡°Okaaaaay,¡± Sophie said, giving up on the whole wait-for-tomorrow
plan. She motioned for Fitz to follow her over to Calla¡¯s Panakes tree,
hoping the soft melodies would clear both of their heads. ¡°I¡¯m
assuming Keefe told you why we chose to make a deal with your
brother.¡±
   ¡°He did. And it might¡¯ve made sense if you weren¡¯t a Telepath¡ªand
yeah, I know, Alvar claimed he¡¯s so great at hiding stuff. But come on,
Sophie. That¡¯s a load of garbage¡ªand I would¡¯ve told you that if I¡¯d
been there! And hey, we could¡¯ve taken him on as Cognates! You really
think we couldn¡¯t have found that secret and dragged Alvar back to
prison?¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t know,¡± Sophie admitted, reaching up to rub her temples.
¡°The thing is, Fitz, it¡¯s not like I planned any of this. It all just sort of
happened. I didn¡¯t know we¡¯d end up at Candleshade, and I definitely
didn¡¯t know your brother would be hiding out there, and¡­ I just tried
to make the best decision I could in the moment¡ªand if you¡¯d seen
how awful Alvar looked¡­¡±

   ¡°I still would¡¯ve dragged him to prison!¡± Fitz insisted, tearing his
hands through his hair again as he stalked a few steps away from her.
¡°And the thing is, Sophie¡ªokay, fine, maybe you didn¡¯t know how it
was all going to go today. But you knew you were going there to search
Lord Cassius¡¯s memories. And you knew I¡¯d been working on that
already, and¡ª¡±

   ¡°Exactly,¡± Sophie cut in. ¡°He¡¯d already figured out how to hide
things from you.¡±

   Fitz huffed out another bitter laugh. ¡°Wow. So that¡¯s what you
think, huh? I¡¯m such a pathetically weak Telepath, even Keefe¡¯s jerk of
a dad can shut me down?¡±

   ¡°Of course not!¡± Sophie promised, moving closer. ¡°I never said that,
Fitz. I just¡­ I know that Keefe¡¯s dad is good at getting around
Telepaths. And you hadn¡¯t found anything yet, so¡ª¡±

   ¡°So you thought the moonlark needed to swoop in and take over?
The leader of Team Valiant? Lady Sophie Foster?¡±

   ¡°Wow,¡± Sophie said, kind of wanting to smack him for that bratty
sarcasm.

   But she took a deep breath and reminded herself where it was
coming from.

   ¡°I¡¯m sorry,¡± she said, reaching for his hand. ¡°If I could go back and
do it all over again¡­¡±

   She was supposed to finish that sentence with, ¡°I¡¯d bring you with
me.¡±

   But¡­ she wasn¡¯t sure if that was actually true.
   And she didn¡¯t want to lie.
   So she just left the blank there for Fitz to fill in, holding her breath,
hoping hoping hoping it would be enough.
   His fingers twined with hers, and she felt her shoulders relax.
   ¡°I just¡­ want us to be on the same page again,¡± he said quietly.
   ¡°Me too,¡± Sophie told him, meaning it. ¡°I don¡¯t know why this is so
hard, but¡ª¡±
   ¡°Wait, where are your gloves?¡± Fitz asked, lifting her hand up to
study it.
   ¡°Oh. I guess I left them in Eternalia,¡± she realized, still avoiding the
name she didn¡¯t want to think about.
   Her gloves were scattered across that shimmering floor, along with
her fingernail gadgets. So it was apparently a good thing she¡¯d left her
enhancing switched off.
   ¡°Am I crazy, or are Dex¡¯s gadgets gone too?¡± he asked, squinting at
her nails.
   ¡°They¡­ are,¡± Sophie said. ¡°I¡­ can control my enhancing now.¡±
   ¡°Seriously?¡± He tightened his hold on her like he needed to test it.
¡°That¡¯s amazing! How are you doing it?¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s¡­ hard to explain. There was this¡­ exercise, and¡­¡± Against her
will, her mind flashed to the look on Oralie¡¯s face the moment they¡¯d
both realized it had been a success. She¡¯d looked so genuinely happy
and proud and¡ª
   ¡°Hey, are you okay?¡± Fitz asked, stepping closer and pivoting with
Sophie as she tried to turn away.
   ¡°I¡¯m fine!¡± she said with a notable squeak to her voice, blinking
hard¡ªbut not hard enough to catch all of her tears.
   ¡°No, you¡¯re not fine,¡± Fitz said, wrapping his arms around her and
pulling her against him. ¡°What¡¯s wrong?¡±
   ¡°Nothing. It¡¯s just been a really long day.¡±
   ¡°It has,¡± he agreed, trailing a hand gently down her back. ¡°But I
wish you¡¯d tell me what happened. It feels like it¡¯s more than just the
stuff Keefe told me.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m fine,¡± Sophie insisted, paired with a very ¡°not fine¡± sniffle.
   ¡°Did something happen with Councillor Oralie?¡± Fitz guessed¡ªand
Sophie couldn¡¯t help flinching. ¡°I take it that¡¯s a yes?¡±
   ¡°No, it¡¯s¡­¡± Once again, Sophie didn¡¯t know how to finish that
sentence.
   And this time, Fitz didn¡¯t fill in the blanks for her.
   ¡°What?¡± he asked, leaning back to study her face. ¡°I know there¡¯s
something, Sophie. Why won¡¯t you tell me? You can tell me anything.¡±
   She shook her head. ¡°Not this.¡±
   ¡°Why not?¡±
   Fitz blew out a breath when she stayed silent, and Sophie realized
she was going to have to give him something.
   ¡°The thing is¡­,¡± she said, backing up a step to clear her head.
   It was too hard to think with his arms around her.
   ¡°The thing is,¡± she repeated, ¡°I really can¡¯t tell you this. I can¡¯t tell
anyone. You¡¯d understand why if you knew, but¡­¡±
   Fitz snorted. ¡°You know who you sound like, right? Isn¡¯t that the
kind of junk Forkle keeps telling you when you ask about your
biological parents?¡±
   Sophie flinched again.
   And it gave her away.
   ¡°Wait,¡± Fitz said, his eyes widening as he studied her. ¡°Is that what
this is about?¡±
   Sophie shook her head hard, trying to stop him from following that
train of thought any farther.
   But Fitz had already decided. ¡°You found out who your parents are
¡ªthat¡¯s why you¡¯re so upset! And I get it, Sophie.¡± He took her hands
again, gently tugging her closer. ¡°That must be so impossible to
process. I get why you¡¯re not ready to talk about it yet¡ªso don¡¯t worry,
I¡¯m not going to pressure you. And I won¡¯t ask who they are.¡±
   ¡°Good,¡± Sophie told him, surprised by the snap in her tone.
   But Fitz¡­
   Fitz was smiling.
   Not a huge dopey grin or anything, but¡­
   He looked so relieved.
   And as much as she hated it, she needed him to understand.¡­
   ¡°I can¡¯t tell you who they are, Fitz,¡± she said, pulling her hands
away. ¡°Not now¡ªnot ever. Though, for the record, I only figured out
one. They each don¡¯t know who the other is, remember?¡±
   Fitz¡¯s eyebrows scrunched together. ¡°Does that mean you talked to
one?¡±
   Before she could find a way to dodge that question, he jumped to
the conclusion she¡¯d really been hoping he wouldn¡¯t.
   ¡°Wait. Is it Councillor Oralie?¡±
   Sophie shook her head once again, hating the lie¡ªbut she had to
stop this.
   ¡°I told you I can¡¯t tell you anything¡ªand I thought you just said you
weren¡¯t going to ask.¡±
   The snap was back in her voice¡ªeven sharper this time¡ªand Fitz
definitely noticed.
   His jaw even locked for a second, and his face was all harsh shadows
and angles.
   But he took a steadying breath of his own before he said, ¡°You¡¯re
right. Sorry. You¡¯ll tell me when you¡¯re ready.¡±
   Sophie had to laugh at that.
   Ugly, snorty giggles.
   Because he Just. Wasn¡¯t. Listening.
   ¡°No, I won¡¯t, Fitz. I told you¡ªI can¡¯t tell anyone. Why do you think
I¡¯m so upset? I can¡¯t tell anyone¡ªand I¡¯m going to have to live with
what that means.¡±
   Fitz blinked as he processed that, not seeming to notice the tears
gathering in her eyes.

   It felt like he was staring right through her as he decided, ¡°It¡¯s
definitely Councillor Oralie.¡±

   And Sophie didn¡¯t know if she wanted to scream or sob or shake
him really, really, really hard until he finally heard what she was trying
to tell him.

   But she was too tired for any of that.
   Fresh tears streaked down her face as she begged, ¡°Please stop
guessing, Fitz. Please. This is going to be awful enough. Just please.
Please let it go. Please.¡±
   ¡°Okay,¡± he promised, closing the distance between them and
pulling her into a hug. ¡°I¡¯ll leave it alone.¡±
   ¡°Thank you,¡± Sophie whispered, sinking into the hug.
   And for that one quiet second, everything was good.
   Or as good as it could be.
   And then Fitz asked, ¡°But¡­ what about the match?¡±
   And Sophie leaned back, meeting his eyes, trying to find the will to
say the words he surely already knew were coming.
   But after the day she¡¯d had, she didn¡¯t have anything left.
   Fitz nodded slowly, his face shifting back into lines and shadows.
¡°So¡­ that¡¯s the plan, then? You¡¯re just going to keep this all a big
secret and live with the consequences¡ªand you didn¡¯t think you
should at least discuss that with me first?¡±
   ¡°Discuss it with you?¡± Sophie repeated.
   ¡°Um, yeah¡ªyou¡¯re not the only one this affects!¡±
   And there it was.
   The truth they¡¯d been dancing around, finally forcing them to face
it.
   ¡°You¡­ don¡¯t want me to be unmatchable,¡± Sophie mumbled.
   ¡°Of course I don¡¯t! No one wants that, Sophie¡ªno matter what
they¡¯re telling you. And you don¡¯t want it either¡ªyou know you don¡¯t.¡±

   ¡°I don¡¯t,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°But I don¡¯t have a choice.¡±
   ¡°Really? Because it seems pretty simple to me. You¡¯re fifty percent
of the way there to fixing everything.¡±
   The sound she made was somewhere between a sigh and a weary
laugh. ¡°No, I¡¯m not, Fitz. How many times do I have to say this? I.
Can¡¯t. Tell. Anyone.¡±
   ¡°So¡­ what you¡¯re really saying is¡­ protecting that secret is more
important than your future?¡±
   ¡°Sort of?¡± Sophie said, wanting to feel angry but instead feeling
very, very sad.
   She wished she didn¡¯t have to explain the next part, but she forced
out the words. ¡°I can still have a future, Fitz. It¡¯ll be a little more
complicated, but¡­ what else is new?¡±
   She knew she was mostly trying to convince herself in that moment.
   But she really, really, really needed Fitz to agree with her.
   Instead, he said, ¡°I¡­ don¡¯t think you¡¯ve thought this through. But of
course you haven¡¯t. It¡¯s late. You¡¯ve had a long day with lots of huge
stuff. So¡­ can we just agree to not make any decisions right now?¡±
   ¡°We?¡± Sophie repeated.
   ¡°Uh, yeah. Like I said¡ªthis affects both of us, doesn¡¯t it? Shouldn¡¯t
we decide it together?¡±
   He actually said the words quite sweetly.
   Gently.
   Maybe even a little tenderly.
   But they were still all wrong.
   ¡°No, Fitz¡ªit¡¯s my life. I¡¯m the one who makes this decision.¡±
   Fitz straightened up. ¡°Just like that.¡±
   She nodded.
   ¡°And you¡¯re not going to put any more thought into it,¡± he pressed.
¡°You¡¯ve just made up your mind, and that¡¯s it¡ªeverything¡¯s settled?¡±

   Sophie nodded again. ¡°If you understood why¡ª¡±
   ¡°WELL, I DON¡¯T!¡± Fitz interrupted. ¡°Because you won¡¯t tell me!
And apparently I¡¯m not even supposed to be guessing¡ªand I¡¯m just
supposed to be super okay with this too! Like it isn¡¯t going to also ruin
everything for me.¡±
   And that was it.
   Right there.
   That was the cold, hard reality they¡¯d both been trying to pretend
away.
   There was something eerily calming about having it ¡°out there.¡±
   Like some giant toxic cloud had been lifted off of them, clearing
Sophie¡¯s head enough for her to say, ¡°So¡­ I guess that leaves us
nowhere, doesn¡¯t it?¡±
   And for one second, she held her breath, hoping she was wrong.
   But Fitz sighed and said, ¡°I think it does.¡±
   And his eyes were heartbreakingly sad as he held his home crystal
up to the moonlight and slowly glittered away.
               FORTY-FIVE

SOPHIE?¡± EDALINE ASKED, SLOWLY sitting down beside her on the

cold, damp grass. ¡°What¡¯s wrong?¡±
   Sophie wanted so badly to assure her that everything was fine.
   But she didn¡¯t know how to be brave at the moment.
   She¡¯d sunk to her knees after Fitz had left and had been there ever

since, watching the fluttering Panakes blossoms fall all around her,
wondering how long she¡¯d have to sit there until she was completely
buried by flowers.

   As far as life goals went, complete petal submersion seemed like her
best option¡ªand it was definitely better than admitting to herself that
some small part of her had stayed, hoping that Fitz would come back.

   She wouldn¡¯t have needed some big, dramatic apology¡ªthough she
wouldn¡¯t have minded a little begging.

   But she would¡¯ve been good with a simple We¡¯ve both had tough days
¡ªcan we start over tomorrow?

   Instead¡­ they really were broken up¡ªwhich felt so strange, since
they¡¯d barely been together.

   She¡¯d still been getting used to thinking of him as her boyfriend.
   They hadn¡¯t even kissed!
   And now¡­
   Now there would be so many ugly, painful, awkward, messy
moments and conversations ahead.
   She might even lose a few friends.
   And she just couldn¡¯t deal with any of it.
   ¡°You don¡¯t have to tell me what happened,¡± Edaline promised as she
wrapped an arm around Sophie¡¯s shoulders. ¡°But I would love it if
you¡¯d be willing to answer one question for me, okay? Just so I have
some idea of which direction to focus my worrying.¡±

   Sophie¡¯s stomach twisted at the last word, and she realized how
knotted up her insides were. It felt like everything was one big tangle
and she¡¯d never unravel it all.

   She didn¡¯t want Edaline feeling the same.
   So she forced herself to nod, and Edaline pulled her a little bit closer
and whispered, ¡°Did something happen with Fitz? Or Councillor
Oralie?¡±
   The correct answer was both.
   And Sophie¡¯s lips started to form the word, but¡­
   She couldn¡¯t give Edaline the truth.
   And she wondered if maybe that was the real reason that Mr. Forkle
hadn¡¯t wanted her to look into her biological parents.
   He¡¯d known the burden that would come with it.
   The role she¡¯d have to play.
   The lies she¡¯d have to tell, over and over.
   And she hated that in a strange way, her breakup was a good thing.
   It meant she could tell Edaline, ¡°Fitz,¡± and have a perfect excuse for
the tears that streamed down her cheeks.
   One ugly truth to cover everything she was hiding.
   ¡°Oh, sweetheart, I¡¯m so sorry,¡± Edaline said, shifting to pull Sophie
into a full hug.
   And as Sophie sobbed against Edaline¡¯s shoulder, some tiny piece of
her crumpled heart smoothed itself out again.
   Because as much as she hated The Liar Who Didn¡¯t Deserve to Be
Mentioned, she also knew¡ªwith absolute certainty¡ªthat she didn¡¯t
need her.
   That mother had given her life.
   This mother gave her love.
   So did her father.
   And her human parents had once done the same.
   And that was all that mattered.
   She was officially done with her biological parents.
   In fact, she hoped she never found out who her father was.
   ¡°Do you want to sleep out here again?¡± Edaline asked, snapping her
fingers to conjure up a giant pile of pillows and blankets when Sophie
nodded. In record time, Edaline had set up a huge bed for Sophie to
crawl into, and even conjured up Ella while Sophie settled under the
covers.
   ¡°Will you stay with me?¡± Sophie whispered as Edaline kissed her
good night. And she didn¡¯t care if the request sounded silly or childish.
   She wanted her mom.
   And Edaline didn¡¯t hesitate to lie down beside her, pulling an extra
blanket over them both.
   Wynn and Luna snuggled in around their feet, and Calla¡¯s songs
filled the air with melodies about seeds taking root and growing
stronger every day, and Silveny flooded Sophie¡¯s mind with images of
the two of them soaring higher and higher and higher¡ªleaving
everything behind.
   And even though tears still stung Sophie¡¯s eyes and she was pretty
sure the knots inside her would never fully unravel, when Edaline
whispered, ¡°Everything¡¯s going to be okay,¡± Sophie believed her.
   And Sophie whispered, ¡°I love you, Mom.¡±
   ¡°I love you, too, Sophie¡ªmore than anything.¡±

¡°We need to talk,¡± Mr. Forkle¡¯s wheezy voice said behind Sophie, and
she was proud of herself for not jumping.
   She¡¯d had a feeling he¡¯d be stopping by. That was why she¡¯d stayed
outside in the pastures, choosing to sit near the gorgodon, where she
knew they wouldn¡¯t have any eavesdroppers. Plus, it gave her a chance
to see that Keefe had been right: Wynn and Luna were using their
strange teleporting style to sneak into the vicious beast¡¯s cage¡ªwhich
made it a little less terrifying to watch the three creatures ¡°play.¡±

   But only a little.
   ¡°Do you think Wynn and Luna are drawn to the gorgodon because
it¡¯s the last of its kind and they sorta know what that feels like?¡± she
asked without turning to look at Mr. Forkle.
   ¡°I suppose that¡¯s possible,¡± he said, and she could hear his footsteps
bringing him closer and closer. ¡°But you might also be giving two
stubborn baby alicorns more credit than they deserve. Children don¡¯t
like when things are forbidden. It tends to make them want it all the
more.¡±
   The comment felt like a dig, and Sophie refused to acknowledge it.
   Instead, she decided to take control of the conversation.
   ¡°I know what you¡¯re here to talk about,¡± she told him. ¡°And I¡¯m
really not in the mood. So here¡¯s what you need to know: I¡¯m done
searching for my biological parents. And I¡¯m not going to tell anyone
what I know, even though it¡¯s already messing up my life. So you can
skip the lecture or the pep talk or whatever you were planning. You¡¯re
already getting what you want. I¡¯ll be the good little moonlark.¡±
   Mr. Forkle sighed and sat down on the grass beside her¡ªwhich
looked like a pretty uncomfortable process given how swollen the
ruckleberries had made him. ¡°Fair enough,¡± he said quietly. ¡°And for
what it¡¯s worth¡­ thank you.¡±
   Sophie sat up straighter.
   She wasn¡¯t sure if that was the first time he¡¯d used those words with
her¡ªbut either way, it felt¡­ different.
   A real acknowledgment that she was making her own decision¡ª
even if it still didn¡¯t feel like she had a lot of choice in the matter.

   ¡°I did actually come to give you an update as well,¡± Mr. Forkle
added after a few seconds. ¡°Nubiti sent a report from Loamnore¡ªand
it¡¯s good news. She¡¯s figured out how to remove those pieces of
magsidian. So while it would be unwise to let our guard down, it¡¯s
looking quite promising that we may have managed to thwart the
Neverseen¡¯s plan before they could fully put it into effect.¡±

   Sophie couldn¡¯t return his smile. ¡°It¡­ can¡¯t be that simple.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s not. Apparently removing the stones is quite a dangerous
process, so it¡¯s going to take at least a week to get through all of them.
And given yesterday¡¯s revelations, there¡¯s a strong chance that what
was being planned in Loamnore has nothing to do with Lady Gisela¡¯s
plans for Mr. Sencen¡¯s legacy. So there is still plenty of work to be
done. But it¡¯s positive progress all the same. I¡¯ve already updated the
Council¡ªI trust you¡¯ll see to updating your teammates?¡±
   Sophie nodded, wondering why the idea of that felt so nauseating.
   Until she realized¡­
   Checking in with her team meant checking in with Biana. And
there was a very good chance that Biana knew about the breakup¡ªand
might¡¯ve already told the rest of the team as well.
   Suddenly it seemed absolutely essential for Sophie to help Grady
and Edaline feed all of the animals. After all, she needed to show them
that she was doing fine¡ªkeeping busy¡ªnot sitting around moping
over boy problems.
   Cleaning her room felt equally important.
   And she definitely needed to sort through all of her gloves, since
she¡¯d decided she would still wear a pair every day, until switching her
enhancing on and off felt like second nature.
   She also decided to polish up all of the Articles of her Regency¡ª
though that was a mistake and made her think of the day she¡¯d gotten
them, and how Councillor Not-Her-Mom had brushed her hair and
gently applied makeup and pretended to be so outraged when Bronte
discussed the realities of being unmatchable. She¡¯d even sat there so
calmly while Bronte told Sophie not to try to find her genetic parents
¡ªand she¡¯d surely been able to feel everything Sophie was feeling.

   But she¡¯d said nothing.
   Done nothing.
   Just lied and lied and lied.
   And Sophie couldn¡¯t help wondering what would happen if she
requested a new point of contact on the Council.
   Surely she and Councillor Not-Her-Mom weren¡¯t going to be able to
work together.
   She spent the next several hours trying to come up with an
unsuspicious excuse for reassignment when she realized¡­
   It was sunset.
   And she¡¯d wasted a whole day because of personal drama.
   And there were too many important things going on for her to let
that happen.
   So she grabbed her Imparter, giving herself three seconds to panic
about the awkward conversation ahead. Then she hailed her
teammates to share Nubiti¡¯s discovery.
   And the strange thing was¡­
   Nothing felt different.
   Biana was friendly.
   The conversation stayed focused on the dwarves, and removing the
magsidian stones, and whether or not they should try to get
permission from King Enki to search Loamnore one more time to
make sure they hadn¡¯t missed something. They also tried to come up
with theories about what Lady Gisela might be planning for Keefe¡ª
but didn¡¯t really get anywhere. And Dex admitted he wasn¡¯t making
much progress on creating a gadget to keep Keefe protected.

   So there was still lots to keep them busy.
   And Sophie tried to stay focused.
   But a tiny part of her brain kept thinking: Fitz hasn¡¯t told anybody.
   And she tried to tell herself that he surely would soon¡ªtried to
order her brain not to read anything into it.
   But¡­
   She still felt the tiniest glint of hope.
   It wasn¡¯t even a full spark¡ªand she did her best to smother it.
   But it was still there.
   A glimmer of possibility.
   A faint whisper that maybe¡­ maybe once pride had faded and
tempers had cooled¡­
   Nope, she couldn¡¯t let herself go there.
   Before she went to bed, she even forced herself to pack away all of
the tiny gifts he¡¯d given her¡ªand she also made herself sleep in her
room.
   She needed to find her new normal¡ªcling to it with all the strength
she had.
   But Fitz¡¯s face still crept into her dreams.
   And when she made her way down to the pastures the next morning
and noticed teal ribbons tied around Wynn¡¯s and Luna¡¯s necks,
Sophie¡¯s heart did about fifty backflips¡ªand then did fifty more when
she saw the tiny folded notes dangling from each of the bows.
   Her hands shook as she untied them, and she needed a deep breath
before she read them¡ªand then the world was spinning and her vision
was dimming and she had to drop to her knees to keep herself from
passing out.
   Because the notes weren¡¯t in Fitz¡¯s familiar writing.
   One had particularly loopy, pretty letters¡ªso at odds with the
harsh, threatening words:

      You think you¡¯re safe.
      And you think you¡¯ve thwarted our plans.
      But you¡¯re wrong.

      We can destroy everything you care about.
      We can finish your friend.
      And that will only be the beginning.

      Or you can meet us in Loamnore tomorrow,
      10 p.m. in the main marketplace.
      Don¡¯t be late.

   The second note was somehow even worse.
   It was stamped with the same symbol that Sophie had seen on the
letter that Keefe had delivered in London: two crescents forming a
loose circle around a glowing star.
   And across that, in Lady Gisela¡¯s familiar handwriting, it said:

        Bring Keefe.

        ~XOXO
                FORTY-SIX

HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?¡±

   That was the question that everyone kept asking after Sophie
handed the Neverseen¡¯s notes over to Sandor and unleashed a
hurricane of panic and confusion.

   How did this happen?
   How did the Neverseen get past Sandor¡¯s abundant security?
   But what Sophie wanted to know was: What are we going to do about
it?
   No one had an answer.
   And they needed to find one¡ªfast.
   So she hailed all of her teammates and told them to come to
Havenfield. Same with Linh, Marella, and Maruca. And Keefe, since it
sadly didn¡¯t seem like they¡¯d be able to keep him completely out of
this.
   The only person she didn¡¯t hail was Fitz¡ªbut she didn¡¯t need to
because she told Biana to take care of that.
   That was how she was going to survive this breakup.
   Delegating!
   Avoiding eye contact!
   Hiding!
   All of which were particularly easy to do later that day, given the
size of the crowd that had crammed into Havenfield¡¯s living room once
everyone made their way there to argue about their next move: Grady
and Edaline, Mr. Forkle and Tiergan, Lord Cassius, numerous
bodyguards, all of Sophie¡¯s friends¡ªand, of course, all twelve
Councillors.

   And thankfully, The Councillor Who Didn¡¯t Deserve Sophie¡¯s Time
seemed to be using her own avoidance strategies: keeping her head
down, hiding her face behind her ringlets, and standing in the center
of all the other Councillors.

   Sophie pretended not to notice her.
   She also pretended not to notice that Fitz had chosen to stand on
the opposite side of the room from where she was hiding in the
shadows of the staircase.
   ¡°Everything okay?¡± Keefe asked, and Sophie jumped, wondering
how long he¡¯d been there.
   Surely long enough to read her mood, so she told him, ¡°Um, the
Neverseen just gave us an ultimatum¡ªand they tied it around Wynn¡¯s
and Luna¡¯s necks.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, and their notes didn¡¯t even rhyme!¡± he added, clicking his
tongue. ¡°I mean, seriously, how hard is it to shape a threat into a clever
couplet or two?¡±
   He elbowed her when she didn¡¯t laugh, and sighed when she glared
at him.
   ¡°In all seriousness,¡± he told her, ¡°you don¡¯t have to worry. I¡¯m not
going to let my mom hurt anyone.¡±
   ¡°See, and I¡¯m more worried about her hurting you,¡± Sophie
countered.
   ¡°Nah. She needs me. Remember: I have a legacy. In fact, I should
probably give myself a title at this point¡ªbut the Legacyanator doesn¡¯t
have quite the right ring, does it? What about Lord Legacy? I could see
that embroidered on a tunic.¡±
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°You¡¯re not going to make me laugh about
this.¡±
   ¡°Challenge accepted!¡±
   Keefe said something else, but it was drowned out by the arguing,
which seemed to have reached a whole new decibel. Sophie hadn¡¯t
been paying attention, since it was basically the same conversation
they¡¯d had before the Celestial Festival¡ªin that exact same room, no
less¡ªwith everyone fighting over who should and shouldn¡¯t go and
trying to anticipate what the Neverseen were planning.
   They¡¯d had an equally long debate before their venture into
Nightfall¡ªand before the ogre Peace Summit in Lumenaria. And
before they¡¯d headed into Ravagog. And before they¡¯d tried to ambush
the Neverseen on Mount Everest.
   Even the night Sophie had gone to have her abilities healed had
taken all kinds of discussion.
   That¡¯s what they did.
   Overanalyze.
   Overprepare.
   And it never worked.
   We can¡¯t keep doing this.
   The words started out like static in the back of Sophie¡¯s mind, but
the more they repeated, the louder and louder they grew until she
heard them ringing through the room and realized she¡¯d actually said
them.
   All heads turned her way, and Sophie tilted her chin up, trying to
look confident as she repeated, ¡°We can¡¯t keep doing this.¡±
   ¡°Doing what?¡± Mr. Forkle asked.
   ¡°This.¡± She waved her arms at everyone. ¡°All of this exhausting
scheming. It never works. The Neverseen always have some twist
planned, and then everything falls apart.¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s how these things go,¡± Mr. Forkle reminded her gently. ¡°For
every move, there¡¯s a countermove.¡±
   ¡°But this isn¡¯t a game!¡± Sophie snapped. ¡°It¡¯s a battle in a longer
war.¡±

   ¡°The same principle applies,¡± Mr. Forkle noted.
   ¡°Yeah¡­ well¡­ I¡¯m tired of guessing and reacting,¡± Sophie informed
him. ¡°There has to be a better way.¡±
   ¡°Like what?¡± Councillor Emery wondered.
   Which was a very good question¡ªand Sophie was about to admit
that she had no idea, when she realized¡­ she might.
   ¡°I think it¡¯s time to take a stand,¡± she told everyone. ¡°Time to show
the Neverseen they¡¯re not in charge, like they clearly think they are¡ª
and go to Loamnore on our terms.¡±
   ¡°And what would those terms be?¡± Mr. Forkle wanted to know.
   ¡°Well.¡± Sophie pictured the Neverseen¡¯s notes in her head. ¡°First¡­
we position ourselves in the Grand Hall instead of the main
marketplace, and make the Neverseen come to us. That way, they don¡¯t
get to rely on whatever trap they¡¯ve laid¡ªsince we all know there has
to be one¡ªand instead we make them come to the safest, hardest-to-
reach place in the entire city.¡±
   ¡°Um¡­ but doesn¡¯t that mean we¡¯d all have to go through the King¡¯s
Path again?¡± Biana asked, turning a little pale.
   ¡°I¡¯m sure once we tell Nubiti what¡¯s going on, she can get us
enough magsidian to make it so we pass through unaffected,¡± Sophie
told her. ¡°Especially since being in the Grand Hall puts us in the best
position to protect King Enki.¡±
   ¡°Really?¡± Marella asked. ¡°Kinda sounds like we¡¯d be leading the
Neverseen straight to him.¡±
   ¡°Assuming they even come after us,¡± Stina added. ¡°Which they
might not.¡±
   ¡°They will,¡± Sophie assured everyone. ¡°I don¡¯t know why, but they
clearly need us in Loamnore¡ªotherwise they wouldn¡¯t have gone to so
much trouble to get our attention. And I¡¯m sure they¡¯ve been planning
this all along, so we have to assume they have a way past all of the
city¡¯s security¡ªeven the King¡¯s Path¡ªand that they picked the main
marketplace for a reason. So we get there early and set up in the Grand
Hall instead and make it clear that that¡¯s where we are. If King Enki
wants to be somewhere safer, that¡¯s his call. But we stand our ground
and say, ¡®You want us? Come and get us.¡¯¡±

   ¡°And then what?¡± Wylie asked.
   ¡°Then¡­ I don¡¯t know,¡± Sophie admitted. ¡°Probably a fight of some
sort.¡±
   ¡°Oh, is that all?¡± Grady grumbled, falling silent when Edaline put a
hand on his shoulder.
   ¡°I know that sounds scary. But I can control my inflicting now,¡±
Sophie reminded him. ¡°And they might not have Ruy¡ªand Maruca
can keep all of us shielded and¡ª¡±
   Wylie cut her off with a grunting sound.
   Maruca rolled her eyes at him. ¡°Whatever you¡¯re about to say, stop
it,¡± she said, tossing her dreads. ¡°This is happening. I¡¯m helping. And
you need me, bad.¡±
   ¡°We do,¡± Sophie agreed.
   ¡°You also need your bodyguards,¡± Sandor informed her.
   ¡°Probably,¡± Sophie said, ¡°but goblins aren¡¯t allowed in Loamnore.¡±
   ¡°Oh, I think I can convince King Enki to make a few exceptions,¡±
Councillor Alina chimed in.
   ¡°Better include an ogre, too, then,¡± Ro added.
   ¡°I¡¯ll do my best,¡± Alina said with the kind of mysterious smile that
made Sophie wonder if she was planning to use her beguiling on the
dwarven king.
   ¡°Does that mean you¡¯re in favor of this plan?¡± Councillor Bronte
asked Alina.
   Alina shrugged, smoothing her hair. ¡°I have to admit, it sounds
more promising than everything else we¡¯ve been discussing. Sophie¡¯s
right¡ªwe¡¯re never going to be able to anticipate everything the
Neverseen are planning. So maybe it¡¯s better to just say, ¡®Forget this¡ª
here¡¯s what we¡¯re doing.¡¯ I¡¯m sure King Enki would certainly appreciate
the authority it demonstrates, rather than letting him see us
capitulating to the Neverseen¡¯s demands.¡±

   Councillor Emery exchanged a look with the other Councillors. ¡°I
suppose.¡±

   ¡°I still don¡¯t see why the Neverseen would come to us if they¡¯ve set
up a big thing in the marketplace,¡± Stina pressed.

   ¡°Well¡­ we¡¯d have Keefe,¡± Biana reminded her.
   Keefe clapped his hands. ¡°Oh goody, I get to be the bait! Should we
make it extra dramatic and have you guys, like, tie me up or
something?¡±
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°Nope. Because you¡¯re not going to be
there.¡±
   ¡°Uh¡­ you saw the note,¡± Keefe pointed out slowly. ¡°I¡¯m the only one
invited by name.¡±
   ¡°Which seems pretty desperate, doesn¡¯t it?¡± Sophie countered. ¡°And
if we¡¯re taking a stand, we¡¯re taking a stand.¡± She turned toward the
group, meeting most of their eyes before she added, ¡°Tam warned us
what would happen if we let Keefe get near the Neverseen. And I saw
the way Lady Gisela reacted when she realized he¡¯d done that. We have
to take that warning seriously. So Keefe¡¯s not going anywhere near the
dwarven city. And if the Neverseen don¡¯t like it¡ªtough. That¡¯s the
point of this. Showing them that they¡¯re not calling the shots anymore,
and proving we¡¯re stronger and smarter than they are.¡±
   ¡°You seriously think it¡¯s a good idea to show up in the wrong place at
the wrong time¡ªwithout the person the Neverseen told us to bring¡ª
and hope they don¡¯t immediately make good on all the threats they
made in their note?¡± Fitz asked, and the heavy skepticism in his tone
hurt more than anything he¡¯d said to Sophie the night before.

   Apparently, she wasn¡¯t just losing her boyfriend.
   She¡¯d lost her friend¡ªand even Fitz¡¯s faith and trust in her.
   Which made her eyes sting and her nose burn, and she told herself,
Breathe, breathe, breathe, because she was right about this, and if she
started crying, she¡¯d lose all of her credibility.
   But the tears were still welling up, turning everything blurry, and¡ª
   ¡°Okay,¡± Keefe said quietly, and Sophie spun toward him.
   ¡°Okay?¡± she asked.
   He nodded, wrapping his hand around hers, twining her gloved
fingers with his.
   And Sophie almost started to smile¡ªuntil Keefe¡¯s back
straightened and he said, ¡°Wow, I can¡¯t feel your enhancing at all right
now.¡±
   The change probably did surprise him¡ªbut there was something off
with his tone.
   That was when Sophie noticed the glare that Fitz had aimed at her
and Keefe¡¯s hands¡ªand she couldn¡¯t believe he¡¯d look at them like¡­
like¡­
   She didn¡¯t know.
   But he was wrong.
   And she didn¡¯t want Keefe to feel awkward. So she pulled her arm
back and told him, ¡°Yeah¡­ I learned how to control it.¡±
   Which of course reminded her of the other person in the room she
was trying so hard to avoid.
   ¡°Well,¡± Keefe said, frowning a little as her mood plummeted, ¡°I
knew you could do it.¡±
   Her cheeks heated. ¡°Thanks.¡±
   ¡°What do you mean by ¡®okay¡¯?¡± Fitz demanded, not letting them
change the subject. ¡°¡®Okay¡¯ what, Keefe?¡±

   Keefe huffed out a breath. ¡°I was saying okay, I think Foster¡¯s right.
If I¡¯m there, then my mom¡¯s pulled off at least half of her plan already,
and I¡¯m not really a fan of making it that easy for her. If she wants to
force me to face my legacy, she should at least have to come and get
me, right? Plus¡­ I promised Foster I¡¯d stay away from the Neverseen.
And I don¡¯t think this note gets to change that.¡±

   ¡°Seriously?¡± Fitz¡¯s eyes narrowed when Keefe nodded. ¡°Wow, you
really hate Tam that much? Because he¡¯s the one who¡¯ll pay the price if
you¡¯re not there¡ªyou get that, right?¡±

   ¡°He¡¯s also the one who told Keefe to stay away,¡± Sophie argued.
¡°Twice.¡±

   ¡°Yeah, well¡­ just because he¡¯s willing to sacrifice himself, it doesn¡¯t
mean we should let him,¡± Fitz countered. ¡°Plus, who knows? Maybe
the way they¡¯ll punish Tam is to hurt Linh. Did anyone think about
that?¡±

   All eyes turned to the silent Hydrokinetic, and Linh let go of
Maruca¡¯s and Marella¡¯s hands and drew the moisture in the air toward
herself, bending it into a small floating sphere. ¡°Water¡¯s felt different
the last few days,¡± she murmured, closing her eyes. ¡°Darker, somehow.
And¡­ I think that¡¯s my brother. I think he wants me to see how
powerful he is, so that I¡¯ll be willing to trust him. And if that¡¯s what he
wants¡­¡±

   No one seemed to know what to say to that.
   Or maybe Sophie did. ¡°He might also be warning you to stay away¡ª
and even if he¡¯s not¡­ that might be a really smart idea.¡±
   ¡°She¡¯s right,¡± Marella told Linh. ¡°If you¡¯re there, the Neverseen can
use you to control Tam.¡±
   Linh stared at the swirling orb of water. ¡°But if there¡¯s a fight,
you¡¯re going to need me. You¡¯re going to need me,¡± she emphasized to
Marella.

   ¡°Actually, I don¡¯t think an underground city is the best place to
unleash a Pyrokinetic,¡± Bronte admitted. ¡°Particularly after the fire we
already started the last time.¡±

   ¡°Welcome to Team Too-Cool-for-Loamnore!¡± Keefe told Marella
and Linh. ¡°Are we all agreed that they need to bring us back
souvenirs?¡±

   ¡°I¡¯d rather they get back my brother,¡± Linh said, her voice barely
louder than a whisper¡ªwhich definitely brought home the full reality
of what they were about to be facing.

   ¡°If there¡¯s any way,¡± Sophie promised.
   Linh nodded.
   Mr. Forkle cleared his throat. ¡°So this is our plan, then? Mr. Sencen,
Miss Redek, and Miss Linh will remain behind while the rest of us
head to the Grand Hall?¡±
   ¡°For the record,¡± Councillor Emery said before anyone could
answer, ¡°we¡±¡ªhe gestured to the other Councillors¡ª¡°feel it¡¯s unwise
to completely ignore the dwarves¡¯ main marketplace. And given that
there are so many of us, surely it would be wiser to divide up and send
some to each location?¡±
   No one could think of a reason to argue with that.
   ¡°Additionally,¡± Councillor Emery added, ¡°we¡¯d like to make two
things very clear. First: We want King Enki to see that the Council
stands with his people. So six of us will be going with you¡ªthree to
each location¡ªwhile the other six will remain in Eternalia. And
second: We¡¯d prefer that any members of the Collective sit this one
out, to add greater import to the presence of the Councillors.¡±
   Tiergan raised his eyebrows. ¡°If one of you gets hurt or killed¡ª¡±
   ¡°Then we¡¯re not as powerful as we should be,¡± Bronte cut in.
   Grady started to insist on coming, but Sophie begged him and
Edaline to stay at Havenfield to protect Silveny, Greyfell, Wynn, and
Luna. She didn¡¯t care that the alicorns could teleport. She wanted
someone keeping an eye on them¡ªand if it kept her parents safe, all
the better.
   Which left them with the question of who would go where¡ªand
Sophie told everyone, ¡°I¡¯ll be in the Grand Hall¡ªand let¡¯s not waste
too much time arguing about this.¡±
   Fitz immediately volunteered to be in the main marketplace.
   He tried to cover it¡ªtried to claim it would give the two teams a
way to communicate telepathically through him and Sophie. And
everyone seemed to buy that.
   Except Edaline.
   And Keefe.
   ¡°Anything I should know, Foster?¡± Keefe whispered as he leaned in,
his eyebrows scrunching together.
   Sophie nodded. ¡°You should know that I¡¯m very grateful you agreed
to stay out of this so I didn¡¯t need Ro to tie you up somewhere.¡±
   ¡°Though I¡¯m game for that, if you change your mind!¡± Ro jumped
in.
   A tiny smirk curled Keefe¡¯s lips. ¡°Fine. Avoid my question. But
know I¡¯m onto you, Foster. And also know that my cooperation comes
with one requirement.¡±
   ¡°Does it now?¡± Sophie asked. ¡°And what¡¯s that?¡±
   He waited for her to meet his eyes. ¡°You have to take Ro with you¡ª
you guys are going to need her way more than I do. And don¡¯t look at
me like this is all part of my evil plan to sneak into Loamnore. I¡¯m the
one who volunteered to stay back, right?¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll keep an eye on my son,¡± Lord Cassius offered, making both
Sophie and Keefe cringe. ¡°And I¡¯ll ensure he stays where he should.¡±

   ¡°How convenient that it means you won¡¯t have to risk your life
either,¡± Keefe noted.

   Lord Cassius shrugged. ¡°Physical confrontation with your mother is
something I¡¯d prefer to avoid.¡±

   Sophie couldn¡¯t necessarily blame him for that.
   And miraculously, it didn¡¯t take that much longer to settle the
groups.
   Dex, Stina, Fitz, and Biana would go with Councillor Bronte,
Councillor Darek, and Councillor Zarina to the dwarves¡¯ main
marketplace, along with Woltzer, Lovise, and Grizel.
   And Sophie, Maruca, and Wylie would go with Councillor Noland,
Councillor Liora, and Councillor Oralie to the Grand Hall, along with
Ro, Sandor, and Flori. They¡¯d have one less person¡ªbut they¡¯d also
have a Psionipath, which Sophie felt a little guilty about, since the
other team was likely heading straight into a trap.
   Then again, she also wasn¡¯t sure how having Councillors who were
a Vociferator, a Conjurer, and an Empath was going to do her group a
whole lot of good¡ªand she really wished she could think of an
unsuspicious way to trade Councillor Lyingcurls to the other group.
   ¡°All right,¡± Mr. Forkle said, and then seemed to realize that he
wasn¡¯t technically a part of the mission¡ªand definitely wasn¡¯t in
charge¡ªbefore he turned to Councillor Bronte.
   ¡°Everyone should go change, gather any weapons, and say your
goodbyes,¡± Bronte told them, being his usual uplifting self. ¡°We¡¯ll
notify Elwin to make sure he¡¯s on standby at the Healing Center, and
meet back here in an hour and head to Loamnore. That should allow us
to be in position about an hour before the Neverseen¡¯s deadline.¡±
   ¡°And we¡¯ll notify King Enki about what¡¯s happening,¡± Emery added.
   With that, everyone scattered to do as Bronte had suggested.
   And it all felt very real as Sophie changed into one of the outfits that
Flori had designed for her before their last showdown with their
enemies, with all the extra pockets to hold goblin throwing stars and
tiny daggers.
   She also donned her Regent Articles¡ªeven the crown.
   It was time to show the Neverseen that she was a leader.
   And the glow from the lumenite would come in handy in the dark.
   Keefe was still waiting for Sophie when she came back downstairs,
his eyes widening as he studied her outfit. But instead of commenting
on it, he asked, ¡°So, what¡¯s going on with you and Fitzy?¡±
   ¡°Seriously?¡± she asked, wishing she didn¡¯t feel so much heat
burning her face. ¡°This could¡ªpotentially¡ªbe the last time you ever
see me, and that¡¯s what you want your final words to be?¡±
   ¡°I can think of plenty of things he¡¯d rather say,¡± Ro offered from
where she sat perched on the bottom stair. ¡°One thing in particular.¡±
   Keefe rolled his eyes at both of them and told Sophie, ¡°This will not
be the last time I see you, Foster. Don¡¯t even say that!¡±
   ¡°I agree,¡± Grady said from the doorway, where he stood with
Edaline before striding closer and dragging Sophie into a strangle-hug.
¡°You will come home safely.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll do my best,¡± she told him, wanting to stick with promises she
could actually keep.
   Edaline joined the embrace, whispering how proud she was, and
how she knew Sophie could handle anything.
   Then they were gone, and it was just Sophie and Keefe again. Alone
¡ªwell, if they ignored Sandor and Ro.
   And Keefe chose to ask, ¡°Seriously, what¡¯s up with you and Fitzy?¡±
   And maybe it was because this really could be the last time they
ever talked to each other¡ªbut Sophie didn¡¯t want to lie, or dodge the
question.
   She just couldn¡¯t seem to make herself say the words either.
   So she grabbed his hand and pressed it to her collarbone¡ªas close

as she could get to her heart without it getting awkward¡ªand said,
¡°You¡¯re the Empath. You tell me.¡±

   Keefe closed his eyes, and his forehead got all crinkly.
   And he whispered, ¡°I¡¯m sorry.¡±
   She shrugged, unable to talk¡ªbut proud of herself for not crying.
   Their eyes met, and she could see the worried questions he wasn¡¯t
asking.
   But all he said was, ¡°Head in the game, Foster. Don¡¯t you dare let
this distract you.¡±
   ¡°I won¡¯t,¡± she promised, dropping his hand and backing up a step.
   ¡°And when you see Mommy Dearest,¡± he added, his eyes darkening,
¡°tell her next time I¡¯m calling the shots.¡±
   Sophie nodded.
   But if things went the way she was hoping, there wouldn¡¯t be a next
time.
   ¡°Looks like everyone¡¯s gathering outside,¡± Ro announced. ¡°So we
should probably join them¡ªand whoa, the Councillors all have their
hair pulled back, and they¡¯re wearing these silver suit things that make
them all look the same. It¡¯s kind of freaking me out.¡±
   ¡°They do that sometimes,¡± Sophie told her. ¡°Are their cloak pins
shaped like glowing golden keys?¡±
   ¡°Yep¡ªgotta love how you elves always have to be glowy or sparkly¡ª
even going into battle.¡±
   The word was an icy splash of reality.
   But Sophie also found it somewhat comforting knowing that the
Council must have visited the Point of Purity on their way there, to
remind themselves that there were bigger, brighter forces with so
much more power than any earthly creature.

   If only they weren¡¯t going somewhere so very dark and far away
from those Sources.

   Sandor and Ro headed for the door, and Sophie fought the urge to
turn and hug Keefe goodbye.

   Instead she told him, ¡°Stay safe.¡±
   ¡°I will if you will,¡± he bargained. ¡°Oh, and Foster? Fight hard. Don¡¯t
hold anything back. And I¡¯ll see you soon.¡±
              FORTY-SEVEN

OKAY, WHOEVER CAME UP WITH the whole ¡®let¡¯s make the elves sink

through a stinky bog in order to get to Loamnore¡¯ idea needs a good,
hard smack,¡± Maruca grumbled, shaking her dreadlocks to make sure
the mud was truly gone¡ªor that¡¯s what Sophie assumed Maruca was
doing.

   It was hard to tell, since all Sophie could see through the dim,
flickering light were the faint silhouettes of her group after they¡¯d
scattered to various positions around the bubble-shaped room. The
Grand Hall felt so much darker and colder than it had during Sophie¡¯s
last visit, and she kept trying to let her darkness vision take over¡ªbut
she had way too many worries shattering her focus. So the only other
distinct shape she could make out was King Enki¡¯s magsidian throne¡ª
a shimmering shadow in the center. Empty at the moment, since the
king insisted on pacing the perimeter with two of his guards.

   King Enki had evidently decided that it would be unwise to replace
the ruined chandelier until all of the strange magsidian stones in the
walls had been removed. And Nubiti hadn¡¯t had a chance to extract
them yet¡ªwhich Sophie was hoping wouldn¡¯t come back to haunt
them.

   The dwarves who¡¯d defected to the enemy had likely planted those
stones¡ªand now Sophie was inviting the Neverseen to come to the
room for a showdown. But by the time she¡¯d realized the oversight, it
was far too late to change their plans.

   At least they were aware of the vulnerability.
   And they were definitely used to improvising.
   But King Enki had also forbidden Wylie from using his ability in
case the light triggered another reaction. And Sophie doubted he¡¯d be
thrilled if Maruca formed any glowing force fields either. So they
would have to save those tricks for absolute emergencies.
   The only light that King Enki allowed in the Grand Hall came from
two tiny, flickering sconces on either side of the massive door¡ª
though he¡¯d permitted the Councillors to keep their glowing cape pins
and let Sophie and Wylie wear their lumenite circlets. His own crown
glowed as well, and was by far the brightest point in the room¡ªflaring
with a silvery gleam that made Sophie¡¯s eyes water every time he
passed by the position she¡¯d chosen, which was an equal distance
between the throne and the door.
   ¡°I didn¡¯t realize tredgeon shell glowed like that,¡± Sophie admitted,
surprised the dwarven king would want something so bright near his
sensitive eyes.
   ¡°It doesn¡¯t. This is my battle crown,¡± King Enki told her. And as he
reached up to run his fingers across the smooth, simple band, Sophie
realized the light reminded her of the cuffs she¡¯d seen on Tam¡¯s wrists
in London¡ªthough Tam¡¯s had glowed far brighter.
   ¡°Is the crown made of lumenite?¡± Sophie wondered.
   King Enki snorted. ¡°I would never wear a crown made of something
so common.¡±
   Sophie ignored the insult¡ªbut might¡¯ve allowed herself half a smile
when Ro coughed something that sounded like ¡°awfully smug for a
tiny hairless dude¡± from wherever the ogre princess had tucked herself
away in the shadows.
   ¡°What is the crown made of, then?¡± Sophie asked King Enki.
   He didn¡¯t answer¡ªbut Nubiti crawled out of the sandy ground near
the center of the doorway and told her, ¡°Ethertine. It¡¯s almost as rare
as magsidian¡ªbut far less useful and therefore much less valuable.¡±
   Which sounded like a strange choice as a material for the king¡¯s

battle adornment¡ªbut¡­ his other crown was made from a giant sand
crab¡¯s exoskeleton, so clearly the dwarves had very different taste from
elves.

   ¡°I¡¯ve never heard of ethertine,¡± Councillor Noland said, his voice
booming even from his post on the opposite side of the room.

   ¡°I have,¡± The Councillor That Sophie Wished Wasn¡¯t There
informed them¡ªfrom a spot much closer to Sophie than Sophie
wanted. ¡°I believe it¡¯s formed when lightning somehow connects with
starlight, isn¡¯t it?¡±

   ¡°Something like that,¡± King Enki hedged.
   ¡°Ethertine,¡± Sophie repeated, letting the word roll around in her
head. ¡°What does it do?¡±
   ¡°I wonder what makes you all think you have the right to ask me so
many questions?¡± King Enki snapped. ¡°Am I not a king? I may not be
on my throne at the moment, but that does not lessen my authority!
And is it not enough that I¡¯ve given so many of your kind free rein in
my city¡ªand provided my guards to protect you? I¡¯ve even allowed you
to fill my halls with the stench of ogre sweat and goblin breath and
gnomish feet!¡±
   ¡°Okay, whoa,¡± Ro said, stepping into the flickering light near the
doorway, brandishing two of her daggers.
   The metallic hiss of an unsheathing sword rang through the air on
the other side of the room, and Sophie followed the sound to a massive
shape that had to be Sandor.
   ¡°Save your weapons for the enemy,¡± Nubiti commanded. ¡°In here
you will only find allies.¡±
   ¡°Will they now?¡± King Enki countered, stalking toward Nubiti as
two more dwarven guards popped out of the ground to flank him. ¡°I
don¡¯t remember giving you permission to speak for me.¡±
   Even in the dim light, Sophie could see Nubiti grit her teeth. But

she dropped obediently into a deep bow and told King Enki, ¡°I¡¯m
sorry, my king. I did not mean to offend.¡±

   ¡°I should hope not,¡± he told her, angling his head to sneer at her
prostrated posture before turning back to pace.

   Nubiti continued bowing until King Enki had completed five full
circuits around the room. And she kept her chin tucked when she told
him, ¡°We may be grateful for their presence before this day is done.¡±

   ¡°I find that highly unlikely,¡± King Enki huffed, pausing to survey
the silhouettes around him¡ªwhich he could likely see clearly. ¡°But if
this is what it takes to protect my city¡­ so be it.¡±

   ¡°It will be over soon enough,¡± Nubiti told him, slowly rising to her
furry feet.

   King Enki resumed pacing. ¡°Let¡¯s hope that¡¯s the case.¡±
   Sophie couldn¡¯t have agreed more.
   She¡¯d lost track of how long they¡¯d been waiting in that shivery,
shadowy room, but her legs were growing wobbly and her arms were
feeling twitchy and she was ready for something to happen.
   ¡°Is your king always this cuddly?¡± Ro asked Nubiti¡ªlouder than
she should have.
   King Enki laughed. ¡°Oh, I assure you, I am far from cuddly.¡±
   He stomped his foot, and a low rumble reverberated through the
room, followed by the sound of crumbling earth.
   It was too dark to see the crack heading for Ro until the ground
beneath her feet had already fallen away¡ªbut somehow the ogre
princess managed to leap to safety, tumbling into the shadows and
stopping with a painful grunt, followed by a lot of spitting and
coughing.
   ¡°Anyone else have anything they want to say?¡± King Enki
challenged.

   Councillor Liora stepped toward him, and her glowing clasp
illuminated enough of her face to show the tension in her expression
as she dipped her head in a bow and told the dwarven king, ¡°Only if
you¡¯ll allow me to fully express our gratitude for your hospitality.¡±

   King Enki inclined his head for a long second, and Sophie found
herself holding her breath until he said, ¡°You may.¡±

   Liora dipped her chin again and launched into a list of such
exaggeratingly magnanimous praise that Sophie wondered how Liora
managed to say it all with a straight face.

   ¡°I¡¯m sorry,¡± Nubiti whispered, suddenly at Sophie¡¯s side. The tiny
dwarf¡¯s voice was barely audible when she added, ¡°My king is in a very
strange mood today. I suspect his crown is affecting his temper.¡±

   ¡°Ethertine can do that?¡± Sophie asked, careful to keep her voice
hushed.

   Nubiti nodded. ¡°It¡¯s been known to heighten emotion and dull
inhibition¡ªat least for those in my species. Something about the way
the light affects our eyes¡­ It¡¯s why some choose to adorn themselves
with it in battle¡ªthough I¡¯ve never seen my king with that headpiece
before. He must be very worried for our people.¡±

   None of that was good news.
   But Sophie tried to set aside the fear and focus on the useful
information. ¡°So ethertine affects every species differently?¡±
   ¡°We¡¯re all unique creatures, aren¡¯t we?¡± Nubiti countered.
   They were.
   And that could mean that Sophie was right about the theory slowly
pulling together in her brain¡ªbut it also sounded so absurd that she
needed a deep breath before she whispered, ¡°Do you think, on an elf,
ethertine might work like¡­ mind control?¡±
   Nubiti dragged her foot slowly through the sand. ¡°Your species is
very sensitive to light¡ªmore sensitive than any other. And your minds
are known for their power. So¡­ anything is possible.¡±

   It was.¡­
   ¡°And ethertine is really made of starlight and lightning?¡± Sophie
asked.
   ¡°That¡¯s one of the common stories,¡± Nubiti told her. ¡°But if that
were true, every thunderstorm with a break in the clouds would create
more, and ethertine is incredibly rare. So I think it must require a
specific kind of starlight.¡±
   ¡°You mean quintessence,¡± Sophie guessed.
   ¡°That has always been my presumption¡ªmore so now that I better
understand the origin of magsidian.¡±
   ¡°So¡­ ethertine from quintessence, and magsidian from
shadowflux,¡± Sophie said, mostly to herself.
   And if Lady Gisela wanted to control a Shade¡­
   ¡°I¡¯m going to check on the other group,¡± Nubiti said as Sophie¡¯s
mind raced through the possibilities. ¡°I¡¯ll be moving back and forth
between you as needed. Hopefully you¡¯re never both in dire straits at
the same time.¡­¡±
   ¡°Hopefully they¡¯re never in dire straits¡ªperiod,¡± Flori corrected
from somewhere in the nearby shadows.
   ¡°Of course.¡± But Nubiti¡¯s grim tone made it clear how little hope
she held for that. ¡°Stomp in your regular pattern if you¡¯re in trouble
while I¡¯m gone,¡± she told Sophie. ¡°I¡¯ll check back as soon as I can.¡±
   She dived back into the ground, disappearing without a word.
   And then there was silence.
   Restless, endless silence.
   Stretching so long that Sophie realized they surely had to be past
the Neverseen¡¯s deadline.
   And still, there was nothing¡ªand Sophie wondered if she should
reach out to Fitz telepathically, to see if his group had seen or learned
or discovered anything.

   But the thought of hearing his voice in her head made her chest feel
much too heavy.

   ¡°Think the Neverseen are playing with us?¡± Maruca called from the
darkness after several more painfully long minutes.

   ¡°Oh, I¡¯m sure they are,¡± Wylie muttered, the glow from his circlet
swaying slightly, as if he were shaking his head. ¡°I wonder if we should
¡ª¡±

   Blaring sirens cut him off¡ªand the high-pitched wails stabbed
Sophie¡¯s ears like tiny needles.

   ¡°What is that?¡± Councillor Noland shouted as three of the king¡¯s
guards locked arms in the dim glow near the door to form a furry
barricade.

   Sandor and Ro appeared behind them, their blades glinting in the
flickering light.

   ¡°That is a warning alarm that Nubiti installed at the main entrance
of the marketplace,¡± King Enki explained. And he seemed so calm¡ªso
steady¡ªas he stood before his throne with the glow from his crown
making the magsidian shimmer all the more.

   He didn¡¯t even flinch as a second siren joined the other, adding
shrill, screechy sounds to the headache-triggering din.

   ¡°And that¡¯s the alarm Nubiti installed at the market¡¯s back gate,¡±
King Enki informed them.

   ¡°Does that mean we¡¯re in the wrong place?¡± Maruca yelled to
Sophie.

   ¡°Or it means they¡¯re coming for us next,¡± Wylie reminded her.
   ¡°Take cover!¡± Sandor ordered¡ªbut there was no way that Sophie
was hiding.
   She pulled two throwing stars from her pockets, aiming them
toward the door.

   Waiting. Waiting. Waiting.
   But the door stayed safely barricaded.
   Not even a thump on the other side.
   And a third siren blared to life with a series of painful squawks.
   ¡°Additional alarm in the heart of the marketplace,¡± King Enki told
them.
   And still nothing happening at the Grand Hall.
   ¡°Shouldn¡¯t we go help them?¡± Maruca asked, voicing the question
that Sophie was pretty sure they¡¯d all been thinking.
   And Sophie had no idea¡ªshe¡¯d been so certain that the Neverseen
would come find them that she¡¯d never considered a backup plan.
   ¡°I think we should go!¡± Maruca decided, and her silhouette sprinted
toward the door.
   ¡°Wait!¡± Sandor commanded, waving his sword to block her as he
sniffed the air. ¡°Something¡¯s¡­ shifted.¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re feeling that too?¡± Ro asked, ducking into a crouch and
pointing her daggers toward the darkness.
   ¡°It¡¯s the shadows,¡± Flori added¡ªand Sophie followed her voice to a
spot behind King Enki¡¯s throne. Flori¡¯s huge gray eyes shone in the
darkness¡ªlooking so heartbreakingly sad as she said, ¡°I should¡¯ve
seen this.¡±
   Then the alarms went silent.
   And all the shadows shifted¡ªthe entire room lightening.
   Brightening.
   Revealing three black-cloaked figures in front of the throne.
   ¡°Finally,¡± Lady Gisela said, tossing back her hood and offering a
cold smile as her eyes met Sophie¡¯s. ¡°I wondered how much longer it
would take you to notice us. Now, where¡¯s my son?¡±
              FORTY-EIGHT

YOU GUYS CAN STAY RIGHT there!¡± Maruca shouted at the Neverseen,

and Sophie squeezed her eyes shut as a searing white flash shredded
the darkness.

   She held her breath, counting the next few seconds¡ªwaiting,
waiting, waiting to see if the light would trigger a reaction from the
magsidian.

   And when she made it to ten with no fiery explosions, she opened
her eyes, and¡­

   Safe.
   It was a strange word to think, given their current situation¡ªbut it
mostly summed up what Sophie felt when she saw that Lady Gisela and
both of the other cloaked figures were now trapped under Maruca¡¯s
force field.
   She just wished Lady Gisela would¡¯ve looked a little more upset
about it.
   Instead, Lady Gisela clapped her hands and said, ¡°Well! This is a
surprise! And once again¡ªbravo for your brilliant recruiting, Sophie.
You found yourself a Psionipath¡ªthose are very hard to come by! I
would know¡ªI¡¯ve been looking. Maybe someday I¡¯ll take this one.¡­¡±
   Maruca¡¯s smile glinted in the light of her force field as she told Lady
Gisela, ¡°Try it.¡±
   But Sophie¡¯s eyes locked with Wylie¡¯s, and she knew he was feeling
the same sickening dread that she felt.
   Especially when Lady Gisela told Maruca, ¡°Maybe I will,¡± before she
turned back to the two cloaked figures trapped under the glowing
dome with her. ¡°Then again, you might be a little too inexperienced
for me.¡±

   ¡°Uh, I caught you, didn¡¯t I?¡± Maruca argued.
   ¡°Did you? Am I trapped?¡± Lady Gisela wondered. ¡°Or am I just
enjoying some rather convenient protection from Sophie¡¯s inflicting?¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t like this,¡± Ro whispered in Sophie¡¯s ear¡ªand Sophie barely
managed not to squeal, wondering when the ogre princess had snuck
up beside her. ¡°She¡¯s way too happy to be under that little shield,¡± Ro
added. ¡°So I say you tell your girl to drop her force field and let me and
Sandor take them down. We should have them on the ground in
seconds¡ªand if things get weird, you do your rage-girl thing. Either
way, we save all the talky talk for once Lady Creeptastic is locked in a
cage.¡±
   It was actually a smart plan.
   But before Sophie could give Maruca the suggestion, Lady Gisela
called out, ¡°Whatever you and the princess are plotting over there,
Sophie, I wouldn¡¯t recommend it. Clearly you haven¡¯t noticed how off
your Psionipath¡¯s aim was.¡±
   ¡°Psh, my aim was perfect!¡± Maruca snapped back.
   ¡°It was,¡± Lady Gisela agreed. ¡°For me. You trapped us in here with
some very handy hostages. Show them, Tam.¡±
   Sophie was too stuck on the word ¡°hostages¡± to feel the full impact
of the name¡ªuntil the shadows within the force field shifted,
revealing the reality of their situation. Then her stomach lurched and
her heart stopped and her head was pounding, pounding, pounding¡ª
and Sophie didn¡¯t want to know which one of the black-cloaked figures
was her friend.
   Because the figure on Lady Gisela¡¯s left had a dagger pressed
against King Enki¡¯s throat.

   And the figure on Lady Gisela¡¯s right held a dagger to Flori.
   ¡°I think we all understand the situation a little better now, don¡¯t
we?¡± Lady Gisela asked as Sophie tried to remind herself, Tam¡¯s being
controlled.
   It wasn¡¯t him doing this horrible thing.
   It had to be the ethertine.
   He didn¡¯t have a choice¡ªeven if another part of her brain was
screaming, THERE¡¯S ALWAYS A CHOICE!
   ¡°Ah ah ah,¡± Lady Gisela said as Maruca raised her arms. ¡°No
unraveling my precious force field¡ªnot unless you want the dwarves
to be without their king, or Sophie to live without her favorite little
gnome. That¡¯s how hostages work¡ªin case you didn¡¯t realize. Now you
have to do what I tell you or¡­¡± She nodded at the cloaked figures, and
they pressed their blades even farther into King Enki¡¯s and Flori¡¯s skin.
   Maruca¡¯s hands curled into fists, and her eyes were so wild with
panic and fury and regret that Sophie stole a second to transmit to her,
This isn¡¯t your fault. Accidents happen. You were trying to help, and no one
blames you. Just try to stay calm now, okay?
   She didn¡¯t have time to see if Maruca nodded, because Lady Gisela
was telling Wylie, ¡°No Flasher tricks either. And don¡¯t look so
devastated, Sophie¡ªthis is honestly a good thing for everybody. I¡¯d
imagined we¡¯d be stuck fighting a big annoying battle until all of you
were sufficiently subdued. This was such a time-saver! And if you feel
that rage of yours brewing, perhaps you should remind yourself that
right now, no one¡¯s gotten hurt¡ªand you can keep it that way if you
cooperate.¡±
   ¡°Cooperate how?¡± Sophie spat back, meeting Flori¡¯s eyes and
mentally promising to get her out of this.
   Lady Gisela clicked her tongue. ¡°That doesn¡¯t sound like the tone of
someone ready to play nice. So let¡¯s do a quick show-and-tell to make
sure you fully understand the stakes¡ªespecially you three in the silver
over there!¡± She waved at the three Councillors before stomping her
foot in a very specific pattern.

   Five dwarves burst out of the floor near the Grand Hall¡¯s entrance.
And when they stomped their feet, cracks snaked every direction until
the room was a maze of deadly pits and ledges.

   ¡°Is that clear enough for you?¡± Lady Gisela asked, pointing to the
deep gouge in front of Sophie, which had stopped mere inches from
her toes. ¡°Are we ready to have a nice, calm conversation about the
fact that I gave you one very clear, very simple instruction and you
thought it would be fun to disobey me?¡±

   ¡°See, but there isn¡¯t much to say,¡± Sophie told her, feeling her
confidence return¡ªbecause this was why she hadn¡¯t let Keefe come
with them.

   This was what always happened when they faced the Neverseen.
   They¡¯d make a mistake, or a small miscalculation, and the
Neverseen would seize the advantage.
   But there was nothing to seize.
   Lady Gisela could make all the threats she wanted¡ªcause all the
theatrics. And Vespera was welcome to show up too. Or Gethen. They
could have a great big Neverseen reunion.
   And nothing would change the fact that Keefe wasn¡¯t there.
   Sophie mentally repeated the reminder as she tapped her foot,
trying to be subtle with the motion.
   She had no idea what was happening in the marketplace, or how
much danger the group over there was in. But surely if Nubiti was
busy, there were other dwarves she could send as backup.
   Lady Gisela sighed. ¡°I don¡¯t understand why you insist on being so
afraid of my son¡¯s legacy, Sophie. I¡¯m trying to give him the best life¡ª
the best world¡ªI can possibly give him. That¡¯s what parents do. We
reach for the stars for our children.¡±

   Sophie snorted. ¡°This isn¡¯t about Keefe¡ªthis is about you! You¡¯re
so desperate to be right about whatever creepy thing you¡¯re planning
that you¡¯ll do anything to keep it going. No matter how much it hurts
your son¡ªor how clear he makes it that he wants nothing to do with
you.¡±

   ¡°He doesn¡¯t know what he¡¯s resisting!¡± Lady Gisela argued.
   ¡°That¡¯s because you keep refusing to tell him!¡± Sophie snapped
back. ¡°It¡¯s almost like you know he¡¯ll still reject it¡ªand reject you.¡±
   ¡°What a strange conclusion for the moonlark to come to,¡± Lady
Gisela murmured. ¡°You¡¯ve never rejected your creators, have you? And
they made you their experiment.¡±
   Sophie had to laugh at that. ¡°You love to get all high and mighty
about how you¡¯re not like the Black Swan. But at least the Black Swan
lets me have a choice in what happens to me! Oh, and by the way¡ªthat
treatment you did to yourself and Lord Cassius? That totally counts as
an ¡®experiment.¡¯ And I¡¯m sure whatever you¡¯re planning to do next is
even worse. So you can stop deluding yourself. You¡¯ve been
experimenting on your son his entire life.¡±
   Lady Gisela shook her head. ¡°Trust me, there¡¯s no delusion. Project
Moonlark twisted and tweaked your genetics until you became
something other. And the Black Swan may be okay with that¡ªbut I
would never do that to my child. All stellarlune does is use the natural
forces in our world to bring out someone¡¯s full potential!¡±
   ¡°Stellarlune?¡± Sophie repeated, trying to stay focused¡ªtrying not to
glance at the blond, ringleted Councillor across the room to see how
she was reacting to all of this.
   Lady Gisela smiled. ¡°I see what you¡¯re doing, Sophie. Stalling.
Keeping me talking. Hoping I¡¯ll say too much, all while waiting for the
others in the marketplace to come save you. But I assure you, Vespera
is keeping them very busy. Her plans are always so much more
convoluted than mine.¡±

   ¡°Right, because this isn¡¯t convoluted,¡± Wylie muttered, waving his
arms around the room. ¡°And I love how you¡¯re totally ignoring the fact
that your boy¡¯s not here.¡±

   ¡°He¡¯s not.¡± Lady Gisela turned to glare at Sophie. ¡°And clearly
you¡¯re very proud of the stand you¡¯ve taken.¡±

   ¡°I am,¡± Sophie agreed.
   ¡°And yet, for all your bluster, you failed to consider that I might be
stalling as well. And you forgot the most important truth.¡± Lady Gisela
stalked to the edge of the force field before she added, ¡°I know my son
way better than you do. That¡¯s why I left him his own message.¡±
   Ro groaned and muttered a string of words that seemed to cover
every ogre insult ever created. ¡°I¡¯ll kill him.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m sure you¡¯ll try,¡± Lady Gisela told her, stomping her foot again,
making two more dwarves crawl out of the floor.
   And with them was a sand-crusted, disheveled blond guy who was
very clearly not tied up or restrained in any way.
   Keefe coughed a few times and shook the dirt out of his hair before
he stole a quick glance at Sophie. And his smile looked more sad than
sheepish as he shrugged and told her, ¡°Couldn¡¯t let you have all the fun
without me.¡±
               FORTY-NINE

YOU PROMISED!¡± SOPHIE SHOUTED AS Ro screamed, ¡°WE HAD A

DEAL!¡±
   ¡°I know.¡± Keefe shuffled his feet, tapping his toe against the floor as

the dwarves who¡¯d dragged him there disappeared into the sand. ¡°I¡¯m
sorry.¡±

   ¡°That¡¯s it?¡± Sophie glanced at Ro, wondering which one of them
looked more eager to launch a dagger at Keefe¡¯s head.

   ¡°That¡¯s all you have to say?¡± Ro added.
   And Lady Gisela must¡¯ve seen the murder in their eyes because she
clapped her hands and called out, ¡°All right, everyone¡ªtake a deep
breath! Let¡¯s not forget that there are hostages to consider! So keep
those weapons tucked away. And I don¡¯t like the way that some of you
are trying to move right now either¡ªespecially you three.¡± She
pointed to the Councillors, who¡¯d been silently skirting the perimeter
of the Grand Hall, moving toward the door. ¡°Wishing you could go
back to cowering in your crystal castles?¡±
   ¡°As opposed to cowering behind a force field?¡± Councillor Noland
shouted back.
   ¡°Wait¡ªwhat hostages?¡± Keefe asked.
   And then his eyes seemed to notice, for the first time, the daggers
being held at Flori¡¯s and King Enki¡¯s throats¡ªand he stumbled back,
shaking his head.
   Sophie assumed he was fighting the same mix of frustration and
horror and disgust that she was.
   But Keefe had focused on the piece she¡¯d missed. ¡°You¡¯re holding
the DWARVEN KING hostage?¡± he shouted at his mother. ¡°In the
middle of HIS CITY? Right by HIS THRONE?¡±

   Lady Gisela shrugged. ¡°It¡¯ll be fine, so long as you cooperate.¡±
   Keefe whistled. ¡°Yeah, keep telling yourself that. You¡¯re in a way
bigger mess than we are.¡±
   Sophie had to agree¡ªbut she couldn¡¯t share Keefe¡¯s smugness.
   The Neverseen rarely made mistakes¡ªand when they did, they were
disasters.
   Vicious, bloodthirsty newborn troll¨Clevel disasters.
   And now they had a dwarven king being held at knifepoint.
   And while King Enki was being shockingly quiet and submissive for
the moment¡ªsurely it was only a matter of time before his guards
came charging in.
   What if they blamed her and her friends, since one of them had
made the force field that first trapped him?
   Would the Councillors be able to smooth over a situation that
fraught?
   ¡°Oh, stop with the wide-eyed-glancing-over-your-shoulders-with-
panic thing,¡± Lady Gisela told her. ¡°You look as pathetic as your little
friends cowering behind your goblin¡ªwho¡¯s supposed to be protecting
you, isn¡¯t he?¡±
   ¡°Don¡¯t worry about me,¡± Sophie told her, glad to see that Sandor
had positioned himself between Wylie and Maruca, since she had Ro
near her. ¡°You¡¯re the one who¡¯s going to be facing down an army of
angry dwarves. Is all of this really worth it?¡± She waved her arms
around the damaged throne room, imagining the depths of King Enki¡¯s
fury. ¡°Whatever crazy thing you¡¯re planning¡ª¡±
   ¡°There¡¯s nothing crazy about this!¡± Lady Gisela corrected. ¡°Though
those who lead the charge are often seen as such. And I¡¯ll endure the
scorn, and the risk, and the sacrifice, and the work, because I¡¯m
building something lasting. I¡¯m building a¡ª¡±

   ¡°If you say ¡®legacy¡¯ right now,¡± Ro interrupted, ¡°I¡¯m seriously going
to hurl¡ªand it won¡¯t smell good, so others will follow, and it¡¯ll be a
great big barf-fest. And usually I¡¯m all for that! But¡­ you¡¯ve got a knife
pressed to my sweet little gnome-y friend¡¯s neck, so I¡¯d rather we all
stay focused, okay? At least till the army of angry dwarves gets here.¡±

   ¡°Shouldn¡¯t be too much longer!¡± Keefe added.
   Lady Gisela smiled. ¡°Oh, but it will be¡ªbecause that army is
currently very, very busy in the main marketplace, thanks to Vespera¡¯s
intricate little plan. Her style¡¯s a bit much. Though she has a true flair
for the dramatic¡ªbut you know that already, don¡¯t you, Sophie? I¡¯ll
admit, I¡¯m a little surprised that you haven¡¯t so much as asked about
your other friends. You really should be much more worried.¡±
   ¡°They can handle themselves,¡± Sophie assured her, choking down a
tiny stab of guilt.
   Lady Gisela smirked. ¡°You mean like your group? You lasted, what?
Thirty seconds? Long enough to form one very foolish force field and
end things before they even began?¡± Her smile widened when Maruca
hung her head. ¡°And now here we are, me in complete control and¡ª¡±
   ¡°I wouldn¡¯t exactly call this complete control,¡± Keefe corrected,
¡°since, you know, the second you tell Tammy Boy to lower that force
field, you¡¯re going to have to face the wrath of Foster¡¯s inflicting¡ª
which, bad news for you, is even more powerful when I¡¯m here. Why
do you think I decided to stop by?¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s why?¡± Sophie asked, reeling toward him. ¡°Seriously?¡±
   ¡°Much as I¡¯d love to watch my son try to dig his way out of that,¡±
Lady Gisela jumped in, ¡°that¡¯s not why he¡¯s here¡ªnor is it because of
any threat you think I made in the note I left him. Or whatever mind
games you think I¡¯ve played. The simple truth is, my son is here
because deep down he wants to fulfill his legacy. He wants to become
everything he was made for.¡±

   ¡°Wow, you know me so well,¡± Keefe deadpanned. ¡°Please, tell me
more about my hopes and dreams.¡±

   ¡°Go ahead, hide behind your sarcasm and your attitude,¡± Lady
Gisela told him. ¡°I see the truth in you, Keefe. I always have. You¡¯re an
artist. A visionary. And you know the future I¡¯ve created for you is your
chance to be on the right side of history.¡±

   Keefe blinked for a second, his mouth forming several different
words before he choked out a laugh. ¡°A visionary. Sure¡ªthat¡¯s exactly
why I¡¯m here.¡±

   ¡°Then why are you?¡± Sophie asked again. ¡°Why couldn¡¯t you just
keep your promise?¡±

   Keefe sighed and shuffled his feet. ¡°I¡­ kept thinking about what
you said¡ªabout wanting to come to Loamnore on our terms. And I
realized that in all your talk about taking a stand, you never said
anything about an exit strategy. So I thought I¡¯d bring you one just in
case¡ªand¡­ it looks like we¡¯re going to need it. Good thing Linh has
dwarven bodyguards.¡±

   The words were still swimming through Sophie¡¯s head when he
tapped his toe again, and she finally realized what he was doing.

   Dwarven bodyguards.
   A signal.
   And sure enough, the floor rumbled, and two dwarves burst into the
room¡ªdirectly under Maruca¡¯s force field¡ªand before Lady Gisela
could finish shouting, ¡°Stop them!¡± the new dwarves grabbed their
king and Flori and dived back into the sand.
   Safe.
   ¡°There go your hostages!¡± Keefe taunted while Lady Gisela turned
to the cloaked figure on her left and told him, ¡°NOW.¡±
   Then everything went dark.
   The force field.
   Sophie¡¯s and Wylie¡¯s circlets.
   The Councillors¡¯ cloak pins.
   The sconces by the door.
   It was disorienting.
   Overwhelming.
   And Sophie wanted to run¡ªwanted to hide¡ªbut this was her
chance.
   Focus, she told herself, opening her mind, searching for Lady
Gisela¡¯s thoughts.
   If she could find her, she could inflict, and this would all be over.
   But the darkness was so thick, it seeped into her consciousness.
   Making her eyes heavy.
   Her mind foggy.
   ¡°Is that all you¡¯ve got?¡± a new voice asked¡ªone that felt familiar,
but Sophie¡¯s cloudy brain couldn¡¯t place it, until a blazing ball of
orange flared to life, stinging Sophie¡¯s eyes and filling the room with
heat and light from a flickering fireball hovering over the hands of a
girl who wasn¡¯t supposed to be there.
   ¡°Did I not mention?¡± Keefe called from somewhere in the shadows.
¡°I brought friends.¡±
   ¡°And fire beats darkness¡ªevery time,¡± Marella added, her smile
glinting in the light of her flames.
   ¡°Does it?¡± Lady Gisela called¡ªand Sophie tried to track the sound
of the voice, now that her head was clearing.
   But the fire was snuffed out, and the sleepiness settled in and¡ª
   Another new voice shouted, ¡°Stop it, Tam!¡±
   Sophie was pretty sure every person was thinking the same
question.
   But the only voice that whispered it out loud was dark and haunted.
   A ghost in the shadows.
   ¡°Linh?¡±
   The darkness thinned, and a black-cloaked figure melted out of the
shadows, tossing back his hood as he strode forward, and another
fireball flashed to life¡ªblue this time, and casting a wide enough glow
to reveal Linh standing next to Marella, still shaking sand out of her
hair.
   ¡°How are you here?¡± he whispered, his silvery eyes turning glassy.
   ¡°Our bodyguards,¡± she told him, reaching out to gather his tears,
letting them shine through the air around them. ¡°And Keefe.¡±
   The room dimmed again.
   Marella swelled her fireball brighter, and Linh grabbed her
brother¡¯s arm, not letting him disappear.
   ¡°You shouldn¡¯t be here,¡± he murmured. ¡°I told you not to be here.¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Linh said, adding his fresh tears to the others.
Surrounding them in their own kind of starlight. ¡°But I am here.
Because we¡¯re stronger together.¡±
   ¡°For the record, Hunkyhair,¡± Ro called from somewhere behind
Sophie, ¡°that was the answer you should¡¯ve given.¡±
   ¡°And much as I hate to break up this touching brother-sister
bonding moment,¡± Lady Gisela added, her voice echoing around the
room¡ªeverywhere and nowhere¡ª¡°NEUTRALIZE THE
HYDROKINETIC!¡±
   Tam straightened, his body turning soldier-rigid, and his eyes
clouded as he raised his hands, opening his mouth, but¡­
   He shook his head and stumbled back¡ªcrying out in pain and
curling his arms around himself and shaking, shaking, shaking.
   Linh scrambled toward him, but Tam raised his hands again, this
time like stop signs. ¡°Stay back! It¡¯s not safe! I¡¯m not safe!¡±
   He pulled down his sleeves, revealing the glowing bonds on his
wrists¡ªwhich definitely were brighter than King Enki¡¯s crown.

   Sophie could barely look at them.
   And every time she tried, it felt wrong.
   ¡°Think there¡¯s any way a Flasher can break those things?¡± Sophie
asked Wylie, who was already making his way closer¡ªwith Maruca
and Sandor right behind him.
   ¡°I¡¯ll try my best,¡± Wylie promised.
   ¡°And it will never work,¡± an unfamiliar female voice told him. ¡°Only
the person who sealed the bonds can unseal them.¡±
   ¡°And I¡¯m guessing that was you?¡± Keefe called into the darkness.
   ¡°It was,¡± agreed the voice, which had to belong to the other member
of the Neverseen¡ªwho was clearly the person they needed.
   More fire, Sophie transmitted to Marella, and Marella made her blue
fireball double in size.
   Heat licked Sophie¡¯s cheeks as she searched the brighter space,
relieved to finally see all of her friends.
   But there were still too many shadows and cracks and crevices.
   Keep her talking, Sophie transmitted to Keefe as she opened up her
mind.
   She was finding this girl¡ªnow.
   And she was making her set Tam free.
   ¡°That didn¡¯t bother you? Treating someone like that?¡± Keefe called
to the girl, obeying Sophie¡¯s request. ¡°Didn¡¯t make you wonder what
they¡¯d do to you if they were willing to do that to him?¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re wasting your time,¡± Lady Gisela told him. ¡°Glimmer¡¯s more
loyal to our cause than anyone I¡¯ve ever met.¡±
   ¡°Glimmer,¡± Keefe repeated. ¡°Wooooow. Okay, then. How¡¯d you pick
that name?¡±
   ¡°Am I the only one wondering what we¡¯re still doing here?¡±
someone whispered in Sophie¡¯s ear¡ªarguably the last voice that
Sophie wanted to hear. ¡°This is a standoff now,¡± her biological mother
informed her, ¡°and our side seems to be out of moves¡ªand King
Enki¡¯s surely rallying the troops. We need to get out of here.¡±

   ¡°How?¡± Sophie whispered back. ¡°Tam can¡¯t leave with those things
on his wrists, and Linh¡¯s not going to leave her brother, and I¡¯m not
leaving anyone behind. And even if we had a fix for all of that, how are
we supposed to get out of the city?¡±

   Keefe was right¡ªthey didn¡¯t have an exit strategy.
   And his hadn¡¯t worked.
   Which was strange.
   He¡¯d dragged even more of their friends into danger¡ªhe wouldn¡¯t
have done that unless they were essential to his plan.
   And all Marella had done was make a couple of flames.
   And all Linh had done was say hi to Tam.
   Was that really all that was supposed to happen?
   That was when she noticed the way Keefe kept shuffling his feet as
he tried to draw out the conversation.
   The very deliberate, repetitive pattern¡ªas if he were calling for
more dwarves and nothing was happening.
   Which made her wonder how bad it was in the main marketplace.
   What was Vespera doing?
   It had to be something huge for King Enki to wait this long to come
after the elves who¡¯d pressed a knife to his throat.
   Bile soured Sophie¡¯s tongue, and she wondered if it was a mistake
that she hadn¡¯t reached out to Fitz¡ªbut were they supposed to do that
if things went bad?
   She closed her eyes, deciding it had to be better to know.
   But as she stretched out her concentration¡­ she heard it.
   A low, audible rumble in the ground.
   ¡°I guess that means it¡¯s time,¡± Lady Gisela said, her voice echoing
everywhere as the ground shook beneath their feet.
   ¡°Time to find out what happens when you take a king hostage,¡±
Councillor Liora told her. ¡°Don¡¯t expect us to speak in your defense.¡±
   ¡°Oh, I won¡¯t,¡± Lady Gisela assured her as a dozen dwarves burst out
of the floor¡ªand a dozen more after that.
   And Sophie shouted to her friends, ¡°Raise your hands!¡±
   Like humans did when they faced the police, to make it clear they
posed no threat.
   It¡¯s going to be fine, she told herself. Keefe¡¯s the one who helped rescue
him.
   Surely this is only between him and the Neverseen.
   But when she glanced toward the dwarven king¡ªwho now stood
blocking the door¡ªhis eyes were fixed on her.
   And they were not friendly.
   He held her stare as he raised his leg and slammed his foot down
hard enough to crack the floor and¡­
   Then there was chaos.
   And Sophie understood why humans loved to say ¡°it was all a blur,¡±
because her brain had no way to process what had happened.
   Screams and gasps and grunts and pain¡ªbut only for a few
heartbeats¡ªand then Sophie realized she was now on the floor, limbs
bound, something heavy on her back.
   And she wasn¡¯t the only one.
   She couldn¡¯t turn her head much, but she could see Keefe and
Maruca and Wylie and Sandor and Ro.
   Only Keefe was conscious.
   And Sophie¡¯s mind fixated on the ¡°how¡±¡ªhow the dwarves could
strike so fast, so true, and take out their group in seconds.
   But when she found her voice, she shoved down those questions,
focusing on the fact that she needed King Enki to know. ¡°We weren¡¯t a
part of this.¡±

   She expected him to argue.
   But he told her, ¡°I know.¡±
   ¡°Then why?¡± Sophie wondered, still trying to figure out the
misunderstanding as King Enki crouched in front of her.
   ¡°Your Council and your Black Swan have come to my city many
times¡ªtelling me to trust them and no others. Begging for my help.
My faith. My fealty. Offering their help in exchange, as if I haven¡¯t
noticed how many times they¡¯ve failed. As if my people haven¡¯t had to
help them rebuild, over and over and over, after their defeats. As if I
didn¡¯t wonder if they ever had a victory. And then they came to me
again, telling me they were now allies. Stronger. Smarter. And they
told me the next attack would be in my city. Promised to stop it. Told
me to trust. But they had no plan. And they sent me children. So I knew
how it would end. And I made my own alliance. With the ones who
win.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s mouth went dry.
   And her heart pounded harder, harder, harder as she strained her
neck, searching the prone figures around her for any sign of a black
cloak.
   ¡°Don¡¯t struggle,¡± King Enki told her as she tried to twist free,
reaching for the strength in her core. ¡°And don¡¯t dare use any of your
abilities. Your friends are unconscious now¡ªbut I can finish them
easily, starting with your goblin, ogre, and gnome.¡±
   Keefe barked a vicious laugh. ¡°You¡¯re seriously allying with the
people who had a knife to your throat a few minutes ago instead of the
people who helped you escape?¡±
   King Enki marched over to where Keefe lay struggling against the
dwarf holding him. ¡°If you think I couldn¡¯t have knocked the Shade to
the ground and stabbed him with his own weapon¡ªor simply tunneled
away¡ªyou¡¯re a bigger fool than I imagined.¡±

   ¡°Then why¡­?¡± Sophie started to ask.
   But it wasn¡¯t hard to figure out.
   Not with hindsight, at least.
   ¡°You needed to wait for Keefe to arrive,¡± Sophie said, certain Lady
Gisela was nearby listening. ¡°So you let King Enki play hostage.¡±
   ¡°It wasn¡¯t my most clever improvisation¡ªbut it got the job done,¡±
she agreed. ¡°Though King Enki still owes me one more thing.¡±
   King Enki sighed. ¡°If you go back on your word¡ª¡±
   ¡°I won¡¯t,¡± Lady Gisela assured him.
   ¡°Then so be it,¡± King Enki said, and Sophie twisted and fought, but
it didn¡¯t matter. She could only watch as he dragged Keefe over to his
throne and dropped him onto the seat¡ªthen placed his crown over
Keefe¡¯s head.
   Keefe looked like he was trying to thrash and kick, but his body
wouldn¡¯t¡ªcouldn¡¯t¡ªmove.
   ¡°It¡¯s the magsidian,¡± King Enki told him. ¡°I carved new facets in the
throne this morning to make it draw body heat. There¡¯s no way you
can resist the pull. So I¡¯d save your energy. It sounds like you¡¯re going
to need it.¡±
   With that he stood tall and turned to Lady Gisela and said, ¡°My debt
is fulfilled¡ªdo your ceremony.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s not a ceremony,¡± Lady Gisela corrected. ¡°It¡¯s a transformation.
The beginning of a brilliant new legacy. And it starts now.¡±
                   FIFTY

SO¡­ MY LEGACY IS¡­ KING of the dwarves?¡± Keefe asked, trying for a

smirk¡ªbut it looked too much like a grimace. ¡°Gotta admit, I did not
see that coming!¡±

   And somewhere out of Sophie¡¯s line of sight, there was a very loud
sigh.

   ¡°You really will make a joke out of anything, won¡¯t you?¡± Lady
Gisela asked from the same direction.

   ¡°Um, you just had King Enki shove me onto his throne and crown
me¡ªwhat else am I supposed to think?¡± Keefe argued. ¡°Where is he,
by the way? I feel like he owes me a bow¡ªand an ¡®As you wish, King
Keefe!¡¯¡±

   He tried to crane his neck to search the shadowy Grand Hall, but
the pull of the altered magsidian throne must¡¯ve been too strong to
allow him the motion.

   Sophie wasn¡¯t having much better luck with her own ability to
move.

   The dwarf pinning her to the scratchy, sandy floor was
hypervigilant¡ªnever lightening the pressure on her back and
shoulders, even when it made Sophie cough. And the ropes binding
her hands and feet were so tight, even the slightest twitch made them
slice into her skin.

   Part of her wanted to thrash anyway.
   She could handle the pain.
   But¡­ she was the only one from their group¡ªbesides Keefe¡ªwho
was still conscious. And while she was sure that wasn¡¯t an accident,
she didn¡¯t want to give Keefe¡¯s mom any reason to change her mind.

   So she held still.
   Swallowing her questions.
   Thinking, thinking, thinking.
   Trying to come up with a way out of this.
   ¡°The king left,¡± Lady Gisela told Keefe. ¡°Said something about not
wanting to witness the further desecration of a royal relic and dived
into the floor¡ªand I suppose I can¡¯t blame him. It is a lovely throne.
But I need the magsidian. And the ethertine in your crown. I had that
made specially for you, by the way. Just for this. And it wasn¡¯t easy. It
was even harder convincing King Enki to wear it as his own to keep
anyone from getting too suspicious. But it was worth it¡ªeverything
came together, despite the few hiccups we had along the way.¡±
   ¡°Am I supposed to say thank you?¡± Keefe wondered.
   ¡°Yes, Keefe, you should. And someday, you will. For now, you¡¯re
welcome to keep hating me.¡±
   ¡°Didn¡¯t realize I needed your permission for that, but okay. Great!¡±
   Yet another sigh. ¡°I resigned myself to the role of the ¡®bad guy¡¯ long
ago, Keefe. It¡¯s unfair. And inaccurate. But if that¡¯s how you need to
see me to process what¡¯s about to happen¡ªso be it.¡±
   ¡°Uh, it¡¯s not about what I need. Like¡­ are you seeing this situation?
You attacked all my friends. Left them all unconscious over there¡ª¡±
   ¡°Not all of them,¡± Lady Gisela corrected. ¡°Sophie¡¯s still awake¡ªfor
now. In case we need her.¡±
   Sophie¡¯s heart stalled at the sound of her name.
   And there was no need to stay silent anymore, so she asked, ¡°Need
me for what?¡±
   ¡°To ensure my son cooperates.¡±
   There was a dark edge to the words that made it clear she wouldn¡¯t
be looking to Sophie for pep talks.

   ¡°Now that we understand each other,¡± Lady Gisela said firmly, ¡°we
should get started. The deal I made with King Enki only buys me so
much of his patience.¡±

   ¡°What¡¯d you have to give him?¡± Keefe asked.
   ¡°Nothing you need to concern yourself with.¡±
   ¡°Aw, come on¡ªI¡¯m curious! Like, what¡¯s the going price for
ultimate betrayal these days? And was the ¡®ruining your son¡¯s life¡¯ part
of the fee¡ªor was that just a fun bonus?¡±
   He nailed the joke almost perfectly¡ªbut Sophie still caught the hurt
laced through it.
   And she wondered how his mother could reject it so easily.
   But Lady Gisela stalked closer¡ªfinally stepping into Sophie¡¯s line
of sight¡ªand Sophie¡¯s hands clenched into fists at the way she loomed
over her son. ¡°For the last time, I¡¯m not destroying anything. I¡¯m
allowing you to become something vital. And I need you to accept that,
because the harder you fight what¡¯s about to happen, the more you¡¯ll
suffer.¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s riiiiiiiiiight,¡± Keefe said, and the smugness in his tone made
Sophie wonder if he¡¯d be propping up his feet and slouching across the
throne if he were capable of moving in that moment. ¡°I¡¯m supposed to
¡ªhow did you put it? ¡®Embrace the change¡¯? Yeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaah.
Hate to break it to you, but¡­ I¡¯m not feeling very embrace-y. Thanks
for playing, though!¡±
   Lady Gisela shook her head, grabbing his chin and pinching it as
she angled his face toward her. ¡°This isn¡¯t a joke, Keefe. And it¡¯s time
for you to stop thinking that you have any control over what¡¯s about to
happen. You don¡¯t. There¡¯s no getting out of this. You can¡¯t stop it.
And neither can you.¡±
   She glanced over her shoulder at someone Sophie couldn¡¯t see¡ªbut
Sophie recognized the deep, weary voice all too well as Tam told Lady
Gisela, ¡°I¡¯ve resisted the bonds before.¡±

   ¡°Not for this firm of a command¡ªbut let¡¯s also not forget that I
have your sister right there.¡± She pointed roughly in Sophie¡¯s
direction. ¡°She¡¯s unconscious right now. But I can wake her up if you
need motivation. Or maybe it would be better to make sure she never
wakes up again¡ªand you can drop those hands right now,¡± she added,
shaking her head. Her eyes shifted to Sophie as she called out, ¡°Are all
boys this stubborn and angsty?¡±

   ¡°Pretty sure they are when you¡¯re holding them prisoner and
threatening to torture their friends and family,¡± Sophie snapped back.

   Lady Gisela shook her head again. ¡°Don¡¯t you get it? That¡¯s a gift.
Freedom isn¡¯t always as wonderful as we want to believe. Choice
comes with responsibility. With consequences. With guilt. I¡¯m sparing
all of you from that¡ªyes, even you, Sophie. Why do you think I went to
such ridiculous lengths to leave you completely powerless? Do you
realize how challenging that is? You have five abilities! Honestly, if
you didn¡¯t insist on working with friends, I¡¯d probably never be able to
thwart you. But all those moving pieces and variables give me room to
play. It still takes time¡ªthis moment right now has been months in the
making. And you¡¯re lying there hating me. Surely still trying to figure
out some way to resist me¡ªwhich doesn¡¯t exist, by the way¡ª
completely missing the fact that thanks to my hard work, you¡¯ll be able
to go home tonight, comfortable in the knowledge that you truly tried
your hardest and that it was simply an impossible situation. You¡¯re
welcome.¡±

   Keefe barked a bitter laugh. ¡°That¡¯s right, ladies and gentlemen.
Mommy Dearest wants us to thank her for being so evil!¡±

   Lady Gisela rolled her eyes. ¡°Never mind. Time to focus.¡±
   She waved Tam closer, and when he stepped into Sophie¡¯s line of
sight, it was impossible not to stare at his glowing bonds.

   Sophie knew how it felt to be powerless¡ªbut she couldn¡¯t imagine
how much worse it would be for someone else to have control.

   And not just anyone.
   Lady Gisela.
   Sophie¡¯s insides squirmed just thinking about it. And she wondered
how much it had cost Tam to give her that warning about Keefe.
   How desperate he¡¯d been to avoid the exact situation they were now
in.
   I¡¯m sorry, Tam, she transmitted. This isn¡¯t your fault. I hope you know
that. No one¡¯s going to blame you.
   He angled his face away, but Sophie could still see how hard he was
blinking.
   And she wanted to say more, but Lady Gisela clapped her hands,
demanding attention.
   ¡°What¡¯s about to happen couldn¡¯t be simpler. On my command,
Tam, you¡¯ll launch a bolt of shadowflux at the stone in the wall that I
showed you earlier. You shouldn¡¯t have to do anything else, but since
this is all untested¡ªand I¡¯m assuming you¡¯d prefer my son to survive
this¡ª¡±
   ¡°Eh, I don¡¯t know if that¡¯s a safe assumption,¡± Keefe interrupted.
¡°Bangs Boy and I aren¡¯t exactly besties. Also, it¡¯s super awesome
hearing how ¡®untested¡¯ this is.¡±
   Sophie had gotten stuck on that same word.
   ¡°Still trying to convince yourself this isn¡¯t an experiment?¡± she spat.
   ¡°Assuming you¡¯d prefer my son to survive this,¡± Lady Gisela
repeated to Tam, ignoring Sophie and Keefe, ¡°you¡¯ll monitor the
reaction and step in as needed. The command I¡¯ll be giving you is to
rely on your instincts¡ª¡±
   ¡°And then you¡¯ll let me go?¡± Tam cut in. ¡°That¡¯s what you told me. I
train with you. I hear you out about all your reasons. I do the thing.
And then I¡¯m done and my sister is safe and my friends are safe and
these are gone¡±¡ªhe patted the bonds on his wrists¡ª¡°and it¡¯s up to me
if I want to come back.¡±

   He stole a glance at Sophie after he said it, as if he were worried she
might hate him for bargaining about this.

   What other choice do you have? she transmitted to reassure him.
   And she held her breath, whooshing it out as a sigh of relief when
Lady Gisela told him, ¡°Yes, Tam. That¡¯s the deal.¡±
   ¡°And did you just say ¡®do the thing¡¯?¡± Keefe jumped in.
   ¡°What else am I supposed to call this?¡± Tam countered.
   Keefe considered that for a second. ¡°Fair enough.¡±
   ¡°Yes, well, while Tam is ¡®doing the thing,¡¯¡± Lady Gisela said with an
eye roll, ¡°Glimmer will send a bolt of light at the crown to activate the
ethertine to balance the reaction.¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s what the crown¡¯s for?¡± Sophie asked.
   She hadn¡¯t meant to blurt out the question¡ªand Lady Gisela
must¡¯ve guessed why she was asking because she told her, ¡°Ethertine
only affects Shades the way you¡¯re thinking.¡±
   And Sophie¡¯s heart lightened ever so slightly.
   Everything was still terrible.
   This was still happening.
   But at least she wouldn¡¯t have to wonder if that crown would
somehow affect Keefe¡¯s mind.
   ¡°Back to what I was saying,¡± Lady Gisela added. ¡°After Glimmer
adds light to the reaction, it¡¯s a waiting game¡ªdon¡¯t ask how long,
because I don¡¯t know. And Keefe: You already know your job. You
have to embrace the change. Don¡¯t fight it. Don¡¯t fear it. Even when
there¡¯s pain. Think of it as being forged by fire.¡±
   ¡°Who¡¯s jealous of my life right now?¡± Keefe wondered.
   The panic hidden behind the joke nearly broke Sophie¡¯s heart¡ªbut
it also made her realize¡­
   Even if she couldn¡¯t save Keefe from this¡ª
   Maybe she could get them through.
   So as Lady Gisela showed Tam where to stand, Sophie stretched out
her consciousness, making sure she had Keefe¡¯s permission to slip into
his mind.
   I¡¯ll be with you the whole time, she promised. I won¡¯t let anything bad
happen to you.
   Pretty sure you can¡¯t control that but¡ª
   Uh, yes I can. I mean¡­ I can¡¯t stop any pain¡ªI wish I could¡ªbut¡­ I¡¯ve
been in broken minds and lost minds and ogre minds and gnomish minds and
so many other types of minds¡ªand I¡¯ve done healings and probes and all
kinds of fancy Telepath things that will sound super boring, so I¡¯ll stop there.
And the one thing I¡¯ve seen over and over is that we all have¡­ an inner sense
of self. I¡¯m probably not explaining this very well, but just¡­ when I¡¯ve had to
heal people, THAT¡¯S how I¡¯ve done it. I just find that true piece of
themselves and bring it back, and that makes them THEM again. So when
this goes down, I¡¯ll be right here with you. And I¡¯m not going to let you lose
YOU. Trust the Telepath. My other abilities may let me down sometimes, but
this one always comes through.
   They locked eyes across the room, and Sophie¡¯s heart ached when
he let his walls come down, showing her all the fear and fury and doubt
and worry and hate he was feeling in that moment because of what was
about to happen.
   Trust the Telepath, she repeated.
   I do. And she could feel how strongly he meant those words. I¡¯m¡­
really glad I met you, Sophie.
   Me too, she told him, hoping he could feel how much she meant it
too.

   ¡°Are we ready?¡± Lady Gisela asked, clapping her hands again and
snapping Sophie back to the cold, shadowy reality of that dim,
miserable room.

   But she could also still feel the warm hum of the mental connection
between Keefe and her. Like their minds were holding hands¡ªwhich
might¡¯ve been the goofiest, sappiest thought she¡¯d ever had. But it
helped her feel a little less devastated, seeing Keefe alone on that cruel
throne that had been rigged to trap him there like flypaper, crowned
with a responsibility he should never have to carry.

   She was pinned and tied up and too far away to reach him.
   But they could both still hold on.
   Hold on, she told Keefe, in case he needed the reminder too. I¡¯m here,
she added as Tam stepped into position. We¡¯ll get through this. Like I
said: Trust the Telepath.
   I do, Keefe promised again.
   And because he was Keefe, his lips pulled into a smirk as he focused
on the wary Shade standing across from him, and he said, ¡°So here we
are, Tammy Boy. It¡¯s just you and me in this epic showdown we always
knew was coming. Bangs Boy versus the Keefster.¡±
   Tam didn¡¯t smile.
   And his voice was raw¡ªalmost ragged¡ªas he told Keefe, ¡°I tried to
warn you.¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Keefe told him. ¡°And I tried to listen.¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Tam said quietly. ¡°And¡­ here we are.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m pretty sure it was inevitable,¡± Keefe agreed. ¡°So I want you to
know three things, okay? The truest things you¡¯ll ever hear.¡± He
waited for Tam to nod before he told him, ¡°Number one: I still don¡¯t
like you.¡± Tam¡¯s lips twitched at that, but he stayed silent as Keefe
added, ¡°Number two: I will always make fun of your bangs.¡± That
earned Keefe an actual smile. ¡°And number three: I don¡¯t blame you,
okay? I get it. You have to do this. And I have to face my legacy. So
let¡¯s stop being angsty and get it over with.¡±

   Tam looked away, his eyes finding Sophie¡¯s, and his expression was
both an apology and a confession. But he didn¡¯t need to give either.

   ¡°Just¡­ do the thing, Tam,¡± she told him.
   Sometimes the only way out was through¡ªand she would get them
through this.
   She had to.
   Had to. Had to. Had to.
   Tam nodded and raised his arms¡ªthen turned back to Lady Gisela
and reminded her, ¡°We have a deal.¡±
   ¡°We do,¡± she agreed. ¡°But you still have to hold up your end.¡±
   He nodded again.
   Then he took a very long breath, tugged on his bangs¡ªhard¡ªand
told Keefe, ¡°I¡¯m so, so sorry,¡± as threads of shadowflux poured out of
his hands.
   Tam twisted them into an arrow, checking his aim twice before
launching it at the magsidian stone high on the wall, triggering a flash
of eerie black lightning.
   The ricochets happened even faster than they had with Wylie¡¯s ball
of light¡ªthe dark energy turning the air shimmery as it blurred from
stone to stone, showering Keefe with black sparks that fortunately
didn¡¯t seem to hurt him.
   Neither did the final swirling beam that blasted into the throne,
shaking the room¡ªthe world¡ªas it sank in.
   For one second nothing happened, and Sophie knew Keefe was
about to ask if that was it.
   And then the throne¡­
   ¡°Melted¡± wasn¡¯t really the right word¡ªbut Sophie couldn¡¯t think of
anything better. She¡¯d never seen anything like the sludgy black syrup
that somehow dripped up instead of down.

   Keefe unleashed some creative words as it slicked around him,
coating his legs.

   His torso.
   His chest.
   His body should¡¯ve collapsed to the floor by then, but the liquid
darkness kept him suspended¡ªspinning him around in slow rotations
as it coated every inch of him.
   Pooling thicker and thicker, like a goopy cocoon.
   ¡°Embrace the change,¡± Lady Gisela said as the inky oil oozed
toward his face.
   I¡¯m here, Sophie transmitted. And she could tell Keefe wanted to
scream, but he didn¡¯t want the shiny sludge to pour into his mouth. So
he clamped his lips tight and squeezed his eyes shut as his handsome
features disappeared into the goo.
   ¡°Now, Glimmer!¡± Lady Gisela ordered, and the other black-cloaked
figure stepped forward, blasting Keefe¡¯s crown with a swirling beam of
rainbow light.
   The metal melted into a blinding silvery syrup that trailed down
Keefe¡¯s face in thin streams, coating the darkness in thin threads.
   This looks as weird as I¡¯m assuming it does, right? Keefe thought¡ªand
Sophie wanted to laugh and cry at the proof that he was still him.
   It definitely does, she admitted. I¡¯ll show you my memories later. It
doesn¡¯t hurt?
   Not yet. It¡¯s just really cold and strangely sticky, and I¡¯m going to shower
for a year after this, but¡ª
   The thought cut off as the darkness sank in, disappearing under his
skin, making his limbs thrash and flail, and in his head Sophie could
see the agony take over.
   His consciousness tried to flee from the pain¡ªand she understood

why.
   But she stayed with him.
   Hide if you need to, she told him. But I¡¯m here.
   I¡¯m here. I¡¯m here. I¡¯m here.
   And she was.
   Every time he retreated, her thoughts followed, sending him

warmth and strength and reminders that this would soon be over.
   Soon. Soon. Soon.
   I¡¯m here. I¡¯m here. I¡¯m here.
   And she was there the moment the darkness reached the deepest

part of his consciousness. The raw, ragged space he¡¯d tried to wall off.
   Embrace the change, Keefe, she told him. I won¡¯t let you lose yourself.
   And she didn¡¯t.
   She clung to the threads of him as the shadows poured in¡ªfilling

every crack and cranny.
   Making everything smooth.
   New.
   And a blinding flash of light sealed it shut.
   Don¡¯t go, Sophie pleaded as Keefe¡¯s consciousness faded¡ªterrified

she might be losing him after all of that.
   Tired, he told her.
   And she was sure he was.
   But she didn¡¯t want to let go.
   Tired, he repeated. Tired. Tired. Tired.
   And his head turned fuzzy and warm.
   Okay, she told him. Sleep now. I¡¯ll still be here.
   Sleep, he repeated.
   And his mind went silent.
                FIFTY-ONE

HOW IS HE?¡± LADY GISELA asked as Sophie blinked back to the

shadowy present and found Keefe¡¯s mom leaning over her¡ªdefinitely
not who she wanted to see. ¡°Don¡¯t try to deny it, Sophie¡ªI knew you¡¯d
use your telepathy to stay connected to him during the transformation.
Why do you think I left you conscious?¡±

   ¡°I thought that was so you could torture me if he wouldn¡¯t
cooperate,¡± Sophie snapped back.

   ¡°Well¡­ I didn¡¯t say it was the only reason, did I?¡± Lady Gisela
countered, with the kind of smile that made Sophie¡¯s skin feel crawly.
¡°My point was: You¡¯re predictable. I knew you¡¯d monitor Keefe¡¯s
thoughts today. Just like I knew you¡¯d stage a standoff in this room¡ª
exactly where I needed it. All I have to do is not suggest something to
you, and I can count on you to plan it for me, since you and I think so
much alike. So, I¡¯ll ask you again: How is my son?¡±

   For a second, Sophie¡¯s brain got stuck on the whole ¡°a creepy
murderer says we think alike¡± thing and couldn¡¯t decide if it was
absurdly hilarious or utterly terrifying.

   But then she realized the much more important detail: She finally
had a bargaining chip.

   ¡°Untie me and I¡¯ll tell you,¡± Sophie offered.
   Lady Gisela pursed her lips. ¡°Nice try. I¡¯ve experienced the wonder
of your inflicting already¡ªnot interested in a repeat.¡±
   Sophie considered that. ¡°What if I promise I won¡¯t inflict? I mean
it,¡± she added when Lady Gisela raised an eyebrow. ¡°Think about it:
What good is inflicting really going to do for me? Even if I take you
out, I¡¯d still have Glimmer to deal with, wouldn¡¯t I? And how many
dwarves are here¡ªbesides the one I¡¯m really getting sick of, who¡¯s
pinning me right now? I¡¯m guessing at least a couple¡ªand more can
pop out of the ground anytime. Not to mention I¡¯m stuck in the middle
of a city run by a king who¡¯s already betrayed me, so¡­¡±

   Her stomach twisted as she realized how horrifyingly true all of that
was.

   That had to win for The Worst Mess She¡¯d Ever Been In, didn¡¯t it?
   But she¡¯d worry about that later.
   This was definitely a moment for one problem at a time.
   And right then, she wanted that stupid dwarf off of her back¡ªand
she wanted to move her arms and legs and get up from that scratchy
ground to check on Keefe up close.
   And Lady Gisela looked like she still wasn¡¯t ready to agree to that,
so Sophie added, ¡°Need I remind you that all of my friends are
currently tied up and unconscious, and there¡¯s no way I¡¯m leaving
them behind? And Keefe can¡¯t even survive a light leap right now, and
¡ª¡±
   ¡°He can¡¯t?¡± Lady Gisela interrupted.
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°You just filled his body with an insane
amount of freaky darkness and weird light¡ªdo you really think his
body can break down and not fade away?¡±
   ¡°Probably not¡­,¡± Lady Gisela murmured. And as the blood drained
from her face, Sophie realized she¡¯d just found her first real advantage.
   Lady Gisela had a flaw in her exit strategy.
   A pretty massive one.
   It also confirmed that Lady Gisela had been planning on taking
Keefe with her when she left¡ªand there was no way Sophie was letting
that happen.
   All the more reason she needed to get back on her feet.
   ¡°So, see?¡± she said. ¡°You don¡¯t have to worry about my inflicting.
And if you untie me and get this dwarf off of my back, I¡¯ll tell you what
I saw in Keefe¡¯s head during your creepy experiment.¡±
   ¡°It wasn¡¯t an experiment!¡± Lady Gisela corrected. ¡°It was a
transformation.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, well, I almost lost him during that transformation¡ªseveral
times. And when the shadowflux sank in¡­¡±
   ¡°Yes?¡± Lady Gisela prompted when Sophie didn¡¯t finish.
   Sophie shook her head again. ¡°Untie me and I¡¯ll tell you. Otherwise
forget it.¡±
   Lady Gisela huffed out a breath.
   She glanced toward where the throne used to be, and Sophie
followed her gaze, feeling her heart sink when she saw Keefe¡¯s
crumpled position on the floor.
   His mom had left him there¡ªlimbs bent and twisted. Skin pale and
sweaty.
   And his eyes¡­
   ¡°What¡¯s wrong?¡± Lady Gisela asked.
   But Sophie couldn¡¯t answer. Her brain was too busy replaying the
last things Keefe had said to her before his mind went quiet.
   Tired.
   Sleep.
   But he definitely wasn¡¯t asleep.
   His eyes were wide open, staring unblinkingly at nothing.
   And even in the dim light, Sophie could see that he was breathing
much too fast for someone sleeping.
   ¡°What¡¯s wrong?¡± Lady Gisela demanded.
   ¡°I don¡¯t know,¡± Sophie admitted, because this wasn¡¯t just a
bargaining chip anymore. ¡°You have to get him to a physician¡ªand
you¡¯re going to need my help, since I¡¯m the only one who can teleport.¡±
   Lady Gisela barked a sharp laugh. ¡°Do I really look that foolish?¡±
   ¡°Do you actually want me to answer that?¡± Sophie snapped back.

¡°Do you think I like this idea either? Do you think I want to leave my
friends tied up and unconscious?¡±

   Lady Gisela set her jaw. ¡°I can¡¯t let you teleport away with my son
¡ª¡±

   ¡°Look at your son!¡± Sophie interrupted. ¡°Does he look okay to you?¡±
   ¡°He doesn¡¯t,¡± a new voice agreed when Lady Gisela stayed silent.
   It took Sophie a second to realize it had to be Glimmer. And Sophie
had no idea how to feel about that. Especially when Glimmer added, ¡°I
think you should listen to her.¡±
   ¡°So do I,¡± Tam agreed, and Sophie wanted to smack herself for
forgetting about him.
   She wasn¡¯t completely alone in this nightmare after all.
   Tam proved how true that was when he told her, ¡°Don¡¯t worry, I can
keep everyone here safe until they wake up. You just focus on getting
Keefe to Elwin.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll need to get to the surface to teleport,¡± Sophie realized. And
without Nubiti, she had no idea how to get through the King¡¯s Path.
   ¡°You should use the path we took,¡± Glimmer told her, sounding
surprisingly genuine. ¡°King Enki showed it to us¡ªit¡¯s a straight shot
once you go down one level. I¡¯m sure the dwarf holding you will take
you down.¡±
   ¡°No, he won¡¯t,¡± Lady Gisela informed them. And there was a
strange tone in her voice.
   Bitterness maybe?
   Frustration?
   ¡°Why not?¡± Glimmer asked, beating Sophie to the question.
   Lady Gisela dragged a hand down her face. ¡°Because it¡¯s not part of
our bargain.¡±

   ¡°Your bargain,¡± Sophie repeated, realizing there was only one
person Lady Gisela would be talking about. ¡°You agreed to let King
Enki keep the prisoners if he helped you trap Keefe on his throne.¡±

   ¡°That was part of the deal, yes,¡± Lady Gisela admitted. ¡°And he was
particularly clear about wanting to make sure you were among them.
So there¡¯s no way that dwarf is letting me undo your bonds.¡±

   ¡°There definitely isn¡¯t,¡± the cruel little creature agreed, shoving
Sophie¡¯s shoulders harder into the sand.

   ¡°But if you explained to King Enki that I¡¯m the only one who can
take Keefe¡­¡± Sophie stopped herself there, not sure she could bring
herself to argue that Lady Gisela should bargain for Sophie¡¯s freedom
and leave the rest of her friends captive.

   And it wasn¡¯t just her friends.
   There were three unconscious Councillors tied up on the floor near
her¡ªand there might be three more on the floor of the main
marketplace.
   And more of her friends. Who she still hadn¡¯t checked on¡ªhadn¡¯t
really even thought of.
   And now she was thinking of abandoning them?
   But what else was she supposed to do¡ªunless they could help?
   She could reach out to Fitz telepathically, explain what was
happening, and¡­
   What?
   Expect them to come charging in to save the day?
   It was a lovely, lovely thought.
   But not particularly realistic.
   If her friends were in a position to help, they would¡¯ve already been
there.
   Plus, if she and her group had been overpowered so easily, the odds
were¡­

   ¡°That wasn¡¯t our deal!¡± Tam snapped, saving Sophie from finishing
that devastating thought.

   ¡°Oh, relax,¡± Lady Gisela told him. ¡°I made an exception for your
sister. You and she will be free to go with me and¡ª¡±

   ¡°That wasn¡¯t our deal!¡± Tam insisted again. ¡°You said my friends
would be safe.¡±

   ¡°Yes, well, technically they are. As far as I know, King Enki has no
intention of killing them¡ªwell, maybe the Councillors, but¡­¡± She
shrugged. ¡°You can¡¯t save everyone, Tam.¡±

   ¡°Maybe not,¡± he admitted as the room slowly darkened. ¡°But that
doesn¡¯t mean you stop trying.¡±

   The dwarf pinning Sophie shifted his weight, bracing for the new
threat¡ªand Sophie wondered if that meant Tam was already free of
his bonds.

   But she should¡¯ve known that Lady Gisela would never give up
control until she absolutely had to.

   ¡°This is not a moment to mess with me,¡± Lady Gisela warned,
stalking closer to where Tam must¡¯ve been standing. ¡°I¡¯m trying to
figure out a way to help my son¡ªI don¡¯t have time for another one of
your temper tantrums. So let me be very clear. If you make one more
move against me¡ªOne. More. Move¡ªI¡¯ll cancel our deal and keep you
as my handy little Shade pet as long as I want.¡±

   Silence followed¡ªthe kind that grew heavier and heavier, until it
felt like the whole room was being smothered.

   Then someone asked, ¡°Shade pet?¡±
   But it wasn¡¯t Tam.
   Glimmer.
   She was also the one to ask, ¡°You¡¯d seriously go back on your
word?¡±

   ¡°Of course she would,¡± Tam cut in. ¡°That¡¯s what I keep telling you.¡±
   ¡°I know. But¡­ I want to hear it from her,¡± Glimmer said¡ªand the
dwarf pinning Sophie shifted his weight again.
   Sophie took her chance to slide forward and twist¡ªonly gaining a
couple of inches. But it was enough to give her a clear view of where
Tam stood with his hands fisted at his sides. The light of his bonds
flickered from his shaking, as if Tam was using every drop of his
restraint to stop himself from lashing out at Lady Gisela¡ªwho stood a
few feet away with her hands on her hips.
   Glimmer stood between them, still hiding behind her cloak and
hood as she folded her arms and said to Lady Gisela, ¡°You haven¡¯t
answered my question. Would you seriously go back on your word?¡±
   Sophie tried to guess how Lady Gisela would answer¡ªbut it wasn¡¯t
an easy question.
   A ¡°no¡± canceled her threat.
   But a ¡°yes¡± would make Tam even angrier.
   ¡°The thing about being the leader of a movement,¡± Lady Gisela
eventually told Glimmer, ¡°is that you have to be willing to do anything
to further the cause. Alliances. Bargains. These things only work as
long as they¡¯re useful. Once they¡¯re not¡­ you make the necessary
adjustments.¡±
   Another weighty silence followed.
   And this time Tam was the one to break it.
   ¡°See what I mean now?¡± he asked Glimmer.
   Glimmer nodded. ¡°Yeah, I think I do.¡­¡±
   Lady Gisela blew out a breath, shaking her head. ¡°I¡¯ll deal with you
two later.¡±
   And that seemed to be the end of it as Lady Gisela turned away to
pace.

   Until Glimmer called after her, ¡°The thing is¡­ I don¡¯t think you
will.¡±

   Lady Gisela spun back, but Glimmer had already grabbed both of
Tam¡¯s wrists, and her palms flared with a golden light so bright,
Sophie had to squeeze her eyes as tight as she could.

   It took several blinks for her vision to focus¡ªand then¡­
   There was Tam.
   Teeth clenched.
   Arms raised.
   Wrists bare.
   His bonds lay broken at his feet¡ªand the dwarf pinning Sophie
lunged for him.
   Glimmer whipped an orb of glaring blue light toward the dwarf, and
the beast burrowed into the ground to shield his eyes.
   And Lady Gisela was fumbling in her pockets, likely searching for a
weapon¡ªbut a bolt of shadows crashed into her chest, sending her
tumbling head over feet, again and again, until she slammed face-first
against the wall.
   ¡°That one was for you, Keefe,¡± Tam said, turning to where Keefe
still lay crumpled on the floor. ¡°And this one¡¯s for me.¡±
   Everything went black.
   And then there was only sound.
   Crunching and cracking.
   Snarls and skittering and rustling.
   Grunts and huffs and footsteps.
   And Sophie could only lie there, thrashing against her bonds and
worrying every nearby noise was a dwarf, come to drag her away.
   ¡°Here,¡± Glimmer said, making Sophie shriek as she flashed a silver
orb and appeared beside her, holding a dagger.

   She reached for Sophie¡¯s bonds, and Sophie had to remind herself,
This is the girl who set Tam free, so she wouldn¡¯t panic.

   But¡­ it was also the girl who¡¯d turned Tam into Lady Gisela¡¯s little
Shade pet in the first place.

   And the dagger Glimmer was using was probably the same one
she¡¯d used to threaten Flori.¡­

   So Sophie felt a lot better once the bonds were gone and the knife
was safely tucked away.

   ¡°Thank you,¡± she murmured, wishing she could throw back
Glimmer¡¯s hood and see who she was dealing with. For all she knew,
this could be another trick¡ªanother trap. Someone pretending to be
loyal and helpful and setting them up for a future betrayal. But her
options were limited. The only choice right now was to take the risk
and hope it wouldn¡¯t blow up in their faces, because what mattered
most was, ¡°I need to get Keefe out of here.¡±

   Glimmer nodded. ¡°Tam¡¯s making sure no dwarves carry him away.
And I can help you get closer. But without a dwarf¡¯s help, I¡¯m not sure
how to get you to the path we used.¡±

   ¡°Well¡­ I guess I¡¯ll have to take him through the King¡¯s Path,¡±
Sophie decided. ¡°And run really, really fast.¡±

   And find her way through the maze without anyone to guide her¡­
   And fight through the nightmares and hallucinations without losing
herself¡­
   ¡°I guess that¡¯s the only option,¡± Glimmer agreed, sounding even less
optimistic than Sophie was trying to be.
   Glimmer snapped her fingers, and her silver orb drifted to Sophie,
hovering over her shoulder like her own personal moon.
   ¡°Follow my light, and it will guide you through the safest path.¡±
   ¡°You¡¯re not coming with me?¡± Sophie asked her.
   Glimmer shook her head. ¡°I¡¯ll stay here and guard your friends until
they¡¯re conscious.¡±
   Sophie flinched, wishing she hadn¡¯t forgotten how many other
people needed her.
   And she didn¡¯t love the idea of leaving everyone¡¯s safety in the hands
of a stranger wearing a Neverseen cloak.
   But Sophie was in one problem at a time mode, and Keefe was her
current project.
   So she followed Glimmer¡¯s light across the cracked floor, barely
missing several dwarves who tried to tackle her along the way. And
when she made it to Tam, he¡¯d already hefted Keefe over his shoulder.
   ¡°We¡¯ll do the teary friend-reunion thing later,¡± he told her as he
transferred Keefe to her arms¡ªand it took Sophie a few tries to find
the best position to hold him and channel extra strength to her
muscles.
   ¡°Going to try for the King¡¯s Path?¡± Tam asked.
   ¡°Unless you have a better idea,¡± Sophie said, holding out one last
hope.
   But Tam shook his head. ¡°I wish I did. Especially since I¡¯m pretty
sure King Enki¡¯s waiting on the other side of the door. I keep hearing
thumping¡ªdon¡¯t you?¡±
   She hadn¡¯t noticed it before, with all the other chaos, but now that
he¡¯d mentioned it¡­
   There was a noticeable THUMP!
   ¡°Great,¡± Sophie mumbled. ¡°Well¡­ I¡¯ll try levitating over them.¡±
   ¡°That could work,¡± Tam agreed, neither of them wanting to admit
how impossible the plan was. ¡°And if he catches you, we can try
trading you for Lady Gisela. Maybe he¡¯d go along, since it sounded like
she¡¯d made him other promises.¡±
   ¡°So Keefe¡¯s mom is still¡­?¡± she started to ask, not sure how to word
it.

   ¡°She¡¯s alive,¡± Tam told her. ¡°For now.¡±
   And there was really nothing else to say to that.
   THUMP!
   ¡°Okay,¡± Sophie said, ¡°time to take on an army of angry dwarves!
This day just keeps getting better and better.¡±
   ¡°Glimmer¡¯s going to blast them with light when you open the door.
It should blind them for a few seconds. And yes, you can trust her,¡± he
added before she could ask.
   Sophie nodded, glad he was willing to acknowledge how shaky their
alliance felt. ¡°I¡¯m guessing you know more about her? Like¡­ why she
was with the Neverseen?¡±
   And why Lady Gisela had said that Glimmer was more loyal to their
cause than anyone she¡¯d ever met¡­
   ¡°I do,¡± Tam agreed. ¡°I¡¯ll tell you more later. For now, I¡¯ll try to keep
all the dwarves away from you as you head to the door.¡±
   ¡°Thank you.¡± Sophie glanced at the pale, unconscious guy in her
arms, reminding herself why they were sticking with this disastrous
plan.
   Keefe¡¯s eyes were still open, staring at nothing.
   His chest was still rising and falling too fast.
   THUMP!
   ¡°Okay, here goes!¡± she said, and took off for the door, trying to pace
herself, knowing she had a long journey ahead.
   And the first challenge turned out to be the door itself.
   It was huge. And heavy. And she didn¡¯t see a handle anywhere. And¡­
   She was so focused on the door that she didn¡¯t see the dwarf
crawling toward her until they had already lunged¡ªand with Keefe¡¯s
extra weight, dodging was impossible.
   The impact sent them tumbling, tumbling, tumbling¡ªa tangle of
legs and arms and fur¡ªand Sophie tried to fight back, but she couldn¡¯t
let go of Keefe, and then she was pinned and¡ª

   ¡°It¡¯s okay, Sophie!¡± the dwarf shouted. ¡°It¡¯s me. Nubiti!¡±
   ¡°Nubiti,¡± Sophie repeated, needing another second for the panic
and adrenaline screaming though her head to quiet.
   Nubiti. Nubiti. Nubiti.
   Except¡­
   ¡°I¡¯m on your side!¡± Nubiti promised when she felt Sophie tense. ¡°I
know what King Enki did to you¡ªif he even deserves the title of king
¡ªand I¡¯ve been trying to¡ªTAKE COVER!¡±
   She grabbed Sophie¡¯s shoulders, barely managing to roll their
tangled group away before something black whisked over their heads
and exploded in a shower of shadowy smoke.
   ¡°SHE¡¯S ON OUR SIDE!¡± Sophie called out to Tam. ¡°IT¡¯S OKAY.
HOLD FIRE!¡±
   ¡°Wait¡ªhe¡¯s on your side?¡± Nubiti asked when she realized who
Sophie was shouting to.
   ¡°He is. And so is the Flasher in the Neverseen cloak. Or, she says
she is, and¡­ I¡¯m trying to trust her. She¡¯s the one who broke Tam¡¯s
bonds so he could take on Lady Gisela.¡±
   Nubiti sighed as she stood. ¡°It appears we¡¯ve both been misreading
the situation.¡±
   THUMP!
   Sophie tensed again¡ªand Tam and Glimmer went back to their
positions.
   Nubiti shook her head. ¡°That¡¯s not what you think it is. This is the
problem with battle¡ªyou lose proper communication and¡­¡±
   Her gaze focused on Keefe, and her voice trailed off.
   ¡°I need to get him to Elwin,¡± Sophie said, not bothering to get into
the whole messy story because she¡¯d realized something way more
important. ¡°You can take me to the better path! Glimmer said they
used one that goes straight from here to the surface, but that I¡¯d need a
dwarf to take me down a level to use it. And since all the dwarves here
were trying to kill us, I didn¡¯t think it was an option, but now you¡¯re
here! Please tell me you know what I¡¯m talking about.¡±

   ¡°I do,¡± Nubiti said, leaning closer to Keefe and waving a hand in
front of his open eyes.

   He didn¡¯t blink.
   ¡°I can take you to that path,¡± Nubiti said slowly. ¡°And I can distract
the guards who patrol it as much as I can. But you will need to run very
fast¡ªand you¡¯ll be carrying¡ª¡±
   ¡°I can do it,¡± Sophie promised, refusing to share Nubiti¡¯s worries.
   She¡¯d just been given a much better chance of getting Keefe to
Elwin, and she wasn¡¯t going to waste it because of doubt.
   ¡°I¡¯ll run faster than I¡¯ve ever run before,¡± she added, saying the
words out loud to make them real. ¡°I¡¯m getting Keefe to the Healing
Center.¡±
   THUMP!
   ¡°Ah yes,¡± Nubiti said, ¡°I should let them in before you go¡ªlet them
know this area¡¯s been secured.¡±
   ¡°Them?¡± Sophie asked, struggling to heft Keefe back into her arms
and shift his weight to maximize running speed.
   And she assumed Nubiti was going to tell her about a loyal band of
dwarves she¡¯d been fighting with.
   But when Nubiti cranked open the door, it was one of those movie
moments, where all of the heroes find their way back to each other and
they can¡¯t decide if they want to laugh or cry or make the biggest
group hug ever.
   Because there, standing in the doorway, looking like they¡¯d
definitely been fighting some epic battles¡ªbut winning them¡ªwere
Councillor Bronte, and Councillor Darek, and Councillor Zarina, and
Woltzer, and Lovise, and Grizel.

   And Dex.
   And Biana.
   And Stina.
   And Fitz.
   Fitz.
   His eyes only held hers for a second¡ªbut it was enough for Sophie
to see that he was alive, so she¡¯d happily take it.
   And she tried to figure out the right thing to say to all of her friends
¡ªsome sort of celebration and apology for forgetting to check in on
them.
   But then she realized¡­
   None of them were smiling.
   None of them were really even looking at her¡ªtheir focus instead
on the pale, unconscious, blank-stared boy in her arms.
   And the devastation in their expressions was both a gut punch and a
jolt of energy. Because it reminded Sophie of where she needed to be
focusing.
   She¡¯d save the hugs and stories for later.
   Right now¡­
   ¡°Sorry, I have to go,¡± she mumbled. ¡°Things¡­ haven¡¯t gone very well
¡ªthough there has been one really good thing. But I¡¯ll let Tam tell you
about it.¡±
   ¡°Tam?¡± Biana asked, her eyes scanning the room¡ªand getting
caught on all the unconscious forms spread across the floor.
   ¡°Tam will explain that, too,¡± Sophie promised. ¡°And tell you who
Glimmer is. I have to go. I¡¯m sorry.¡±
   She avoided all of their stares as Nubiti crouched to dig a hole in the
sandy floor.

   But right before Nubiti dragged her in, Fitz¡¯s accented voice filled
Sophie¡¯s head.

   You don¡¯t have to be sorry, he transmitted. You¡¯re doing the right thing.
Take care of him, and we¡¯ll take care of whatever else we have to deal with
here.

   Thank you, Sophie transmitted back as the sand swallowed her
whole, scraping and scratching and scuffing her skin raw while her
lungs burned and burned, desperate for a fresh breath.

   But she barely noticed the discomfort, because Fitz sent her one
more transmission.

   I¡¯m glad you¡¯re okay. And¡­ I¡¯ve really missed you. All of this is so much
harder without you.

   I feel the same way, Sophie agreed.
   She wanted to say more, but the sand spat her back out, and she
gulped down the fresh air, coughing bits of sand out of her lungs.
   ¡°Honestly, I think I¡¯d rather sink though mud,¡± she told Nubiti,
shaking her feet, trying to get the sand off her boots¡ªand then she
lowered her voice to a whisper as she studied the long, empty hall
stretching in either direction. ¡°Is this the path?¡±
   Nubiti nodded, pointing to the left. ¡°That will take you to the
surface. I¡¯ll go the other way and see if I can draw the guards to me.¡±
   ¡°Okay, then,¡± Sophie said, not wanting to waste any time or
strength on lingering or worrying.
   It was time to just¡­ begin.
   She took one second to stare into Keefe¡¯s unblinking eyes and
transmitted, Stay with me. I¡¯m getting you to Elwin.
   ¡°Run fast, Sophie,¡± Nubiti whispered as Sophie hefted Keefe over
her shoulder and took off down the hall, starting with a jog, giving her
legs a moment to find their stride before she pushed them to go faster.
   Faster.
   Faster.
   Faster.
   She didn¡¯t think about what might be behind her, or how much

farther she had ahead. She just centered her mind on one foot in front
of the other.

   Go.
   Go.
   Go.
   Her muscles throbbed, and her chest heaved, and the hall echoed
with scurries and hisses and screams¡ªbut she tuned it all out.
   Stay with me, Keefe.
   Stay with me.
   Stay with me.
   Almost there.
   And they were.
   The path curved enough to show her the exit¡ªstill forever away.
But she could make it.
   Go.
   Faster.
   Stay with me, Keefe.
   We¡¯ve got this.
   But some of King Enki¡¯s guards had clearly been waiting for her¡ª
jumping out of the shadows.
   Stomping their furry feet.
   And the ground rumbled hard, nearly knocking Sophie over as
cracks shredded the path ahead, trying to force her to turn around.
   But she¡¯d come too far.
   Too far.
   Faster.
   Faster.
   Faster.
   She¡¯d jump the cracks if she had to.
   Or levitate.
   Or¡­
   She didn¡¯t finish the thought, because her instincts took over.
   Focusing on the friction of her feet.
   The rush of her sprint.
   The thrill of the speed.
   It felt like flying.
   No.
   It felt like falling.
   And with that thought, warm, tingly energy burst out of her mind,
unraveling a tiny thread in the space in front of her, a gap just wide
enough for her to charge through, and¡­
   She didn¡¯t know how to describe it.
   Somehow she just sort of¡­ skipped.
   One second the cracks were there.
   The next, they were already behind her.
   And when she pushed more energy out of her mind¡­
   She skipped again.
   And again.
   Farther leaps each time.
   The energy replenishing itself by the power of her sprint.
   And she realized she was no longer in Loamnore.
   She¡¯d made it to the desert, kicking up clouds of sand as she ran.
   Which meant it was time to levitate, but¡­
   Maybe she didn¡¯t need to.
   A fresh rush of warm energy flooded her brain. Fueled by the
triumph of freedom and escape. And she shoved it out of her mind,
telling Keefe, Stay with me, stay with me, stay with me, as a crack split the
space in front of her and she charged into the void.
                FIFTY-TWO

THE GOOD NEWS IS, HE¡¯S alive,¡± Elwin said, snapping his fingers to

form an orb of purple light around Keefe¡¯s torso. ¡°And his vitals are
strong.¡±

   That was good news.
   And Sophie was grateful for every heartbeat and every rise and fall
of Keefe¡¯s chest¡ªeven if both were definitely a little too fast at the
moment.
   She was also extremely happy that Bullhorn was paying them zero
attention. He¡¯d barely lifted his little banshee head when Sophie had
stumbled into the Healing Center and handed Keefe over to Elwin.
   But.
   ¡°What¡¯s the bad news?¡± she asked, wrapping her arms around her
knees and curling into a Sophie-ball.
   Elwin had made her lie down on the cot next to Keefe¡¯s when he saw
how wobbly she was from her crazy run. And of course he¡¯d also
insisted on checking her for injuries.
   But she was fine.
   Nothing to worry about.
   Except the fact that Keefe was still staring blankly at nothing. And
when she¡¯d tried listening to his thoughts, his mind was gray and
silent.
   ¡°The bad news,¡± Elwin said, running a hand down his face before
adjusting his iridescent spectacles, ¡°is that I have no idea what¡¯s going
on. I¡¯ve never heard of the treatments you described. I mean¡­
obviously Lady Gisela¡¯s been playing with the elements, trying to
affect abilities. And I¡¯m assuming the reason she used magsidian and
ethertine instead of pure shadowflux and quintessence is because the
elements would¡¯ve been more¡­ I guess ¡®organic¡¯ is the word I¡¯m
looking for, since they¡¯d fused with the earth when the stones were
formed. And I think that was probably a smart call, by the way. I think
that¡¯s why I¡¯m not seeing any echoes.¡±

   ¡°None?¡± Sophie asked, sitting up.
   Recovering from her own echoes had been one of the hardest things
she¡¯d ever done. So if Keefe wouldn¡¯t have to endure that¡­
   ¡°See?¡± Elwin said. ¡°More good news.¡±
   ¡°It is.¡± And she tried to smile.
   But she still noticed the way Elwin¡¯s frown deepened every time he
flashed another orb of light and squinted through his spectacles.
   First blue.
   Then red.
   Orange.
   Yellow.
   Green.
   And Keefe just kept right on staring at nothing.
   ¡°Is he in a coma?¡± she had to ask.
   Elwin shook his head. ¡°I think it¡¯s more that his consciousness is
tucked away right now, because the rest of him is in so much flux.¡±
   ¡°Flux?¡± Sophie repeated, hating that word.
   ¡°Well¡­ judging by all the shifts I¡¯m seeing in his cells, I¡¯m pretty
sure he¡¯s going through a kind of¡­ transformation.¡±
   ¡°Great,¡± Sophie mumbled, hating that word so much more.
   And she couldn¡¯t stop her brain from flashing to the nightmares
she¡¯d seen in Keefe¡¯s head¡ªthe scenes that had reminded her too
much of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
   ¡°Easy now, Miss Dramatic. For the record¡ªI see these same kinds
of shifts whenever anyone manifests. So my guess is, Keefe¡¯s getting a
brand-new ability.¡±

   That¡­ sounded less scary¡ªand matched the things Alvar had told
them.

   But¡­
   ¡°What ability?¡± she wondered.
   ¡°I guess we¡¯ll find out when he wakes up.¡±
   Sophie sighed, telling herself not to cry¡ªbut her tear ducts
wouldn¡¯t obey. ¡°I hate that his mom gets to change him like this.¡±
   Elwin sat beside her on the cot, offering her a soft handkerchief.
¡°Okay, I¡¯m usually not the one who has to say all the smart, pep-talky
things. So bear with me on this, okay? The thing you have to
remember is¡­ everything changes us. Every day we live. Every person
we meet. Every experience, good or bad. That¡¯s what makes us who we
are. What shapes our thoughts¡ªour decisions. And the changes
always work on two levels: what happened and how we respond. So, yes,
this¡­ is going to change Keefe¡ªjust like it¡¯s going to change you and
me and everyone else who cares about our favorite Lord Hunkyhair.
But¡­ that¡¯s just what happened. We all still get to decide how we¡¯ll
respond. And if I know Keefe, he¡¯ll find a way to become even more
awesome. Trust me, Sophie. Nothing will ever stop Keefe Sencen from
being Keefe Sencen. Think of how many things have already tried.¡±
   And that¡­ was probably the best point he¡¯d made.
   Keefe had survived huge betrayals and years of mind games and
abuse.
   And he¡¯d still sounded like him before his mind went quiet.
   Just tired.
   Which made her wonder. ¡°Do you think we should give him a
sedative?¡±
   Elwin clutched his chest, then spun her toward him and flashed an
orb of orange light around her head. ¡°Okay, who are you, and what did
you do with the sedative-hating Sophie Foster?¡±

   ¡°I wasn¡¯t saying for me,¡± Sophie reminded him. ¡°I just know Keefe
really wanted to sleep when it was all over. And that doesn¡¯t look like
sleep.¡±

   ¡°It is and it isn¡¯t. It¡¯s a kind of restful wakefulness¡ªand yes, I
realize those seem like opposite things. But that¡¯s the only way I can
think to describe it. And since I know so little about what¡¯s happening
to him, I¡¯m a little reluctant to mess with it. I think it¡¯s better to keep a
very close eye on him and let this run its course.¡±

   ¡°Wait¡ªyou¡¯re not giving him any medicine?¡± Sophie asked. ¡°Not
even a painkiller?¡±

   ¡°I¡¯m not sensing any pain. And like I said, I don¡¯t want to interfere.¡±
   Sophie slumped out of his grasp, curling into a ball again. ¡°So¡­ I
brought him here for nothing.¡±
   Elwin snorted. ¡°Gee, thanks.¡±
   ¡°Sorry. It¡¯s just¡­ I left everybody in Loamnore because I thought I
was helping Keefe¡ª¡±
   ¡°You did help Keefe.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, but¡­ not enough to make up for leaving my friends to face
an army of angry dwarves without me¡ªnot that I was much help,
honestly. Or any help.¡± She shook her head, resisting the urge to punch
her pillow¡ªthat was never as satisfying as she wanted it to be. ¡°I don¡¯t
get it. Sometimes I¡¯m so powerful¡ªlike in London, when I inflicted.
Or when I was running here, and I figured out this new way to teleport
¡ª¡±
   ¡°You did?¡± Elwin interrupted.
   She shrugged. ¡°I think that¡¯s what happened. I¡¯ll have to test it later
¡ªbut, so¡­ How come I can do that¡ªand then other times be basically
useless? My plans fail¡ªor are ¡®predictable,¡¯ apparently. Or I get
overpowered by dwarves. Or I get sidetracked by the wrong things, or
¡ª¡±

   ¡°Okay, I¡¯m sensing that you could keep this Sophie-bashing going
for quite a while, so I think it¡¯s best to stop you right there. And first: I
have to say, I love that in the same conversation, you can tell me you
figured out a new way to teleport without really even trying and then beat
yourself up for not being powerful enough. Sounds like someone¡¯s
expectations for themselves might be a little too high.¡±

   ¡°But¡­ I¡¯m the moonlark!¡±
   ¡°You know what, Sophie? I¡¯m going to tell you something I don¡¯t
think people tell you enough, even if it means I¡¯m going to have to be
smart and pep-talky again. You are the moonlark. But you¡¯re also
Sophie Foster. A real person with real flaws and real limitations¡ªand
that¡¯s not a bad thing! Honestly, if you got everything right all the
time, you¡¯d probably be kind of annoying.¡± He grinned when her
eyebrows shot up. ¡°You know it¡¯s true. No one likes a show-off. And
you know what else you¡¯d be if you did everything perfectly all the
time? Boring. And you know that¡¯s true too. Just look at the friends
you¡¯ve chosen. Are any of them perfect?¡±
   She wanted to say that Fitz seemed pretty close sometimes.
   But she wasn¡¯t sure if they were still friends.
   That moment when she was leaving¡­ the things he¡¯d said¡­
   She wasn¡¯t sure that was really enough to fix them.
   And she couldn¡¯t decide how she felt about that.
   She also didn¡¯t understand why things between them always had to
be so fragile.
   And she definitely couldn¡¯t believe she was obsessing about this
when Fitz was probably still down in Loamnore fighting traitor
dwarves.
   She really didn¡¯t have the energy for an endless conversation with
all of the gruesome play-by-play. But she had to know one thing.

   Are you safe?
   She transmitted the words over and over, wondering if they¡¯d even
reach him. She didn¡¯t want to distract him if he was still in the midst
of everything.
   But Fitz heard her.
   And he must¡¯ve been just as worn out as she was because he
transmitted back, Everyone safe. Please don¡¯t worry. We¡¯ll talk soon.
   ¡°Well,¡± Elwin said, standing and stretching, ¡°I should hail your
parents and let them know you¡¯re here¡ªand safe. Should I tell them
you¡¯ll be staying here tonight?¡±
   ¡°Is that okay?¡± Sophie asked.
   She knew she was definitely avoiding reality, and all the ¡°what
happened¡± conversations, followed by everyone asking her, ¡°What
now?¡±
   But she¡¯d also promised Keefe she¡¯d be there for him through this.
And she wasn¡¯t done yet.
   So once she¡¯d assured her parents that she was fine and safe and
sorry for not coming home and would tell them everything later¡ªand
of course that she loved them¡ªshe opened a tiny channel between her
mind and Keefe¡¯s.
   I¡¯m here, she told him.
   He didn¡¯t respond.
   But she didn¡¯t need him to.
   She just wanted him to know she was there.
   So she told him about her new teleporting.
   And her conversation with Elwin.
   And how she was so scared for him¡ªbut also so proud of him¡ªand
that it didn¡¯t matter if some things about him changed.
   He¡¯d always be her friend.
   Always be Keefe Sencen.
   And when she couldn¡¯t stay awake anymore, she let her eyes flutter
closed. And in that last flicker of her vision, she saw Keefe¡¯s eyes close
too.

Keefe slept through the next day¡ªand Sophie chose to stay in the
Healing Center with him.

   And everyone else in the Lost Cities woke up to a forever-changed
world.

   It definitely wasn¡¯t every day that a dwarven king faced a
multispeciesial Tribunal in Eternalia, where all twelve Councillors¡ªas
well as the leaders of the four intelligent species that had been affected
by his crimes¡ªunanimously voted that he be exiled for high treason
and sentenced to the somnatorium.

   And since Nubiti had been the one to capture and overthrow King
Enki, by dwarven law, she had inherited the dwarven crown.

   Queen Nubiti.
   The title had a nice ring to it¡ªthough Sophie wasn¡¯t sure she
wanted to picture her former bodyguard shaved bald.
   And Queen Nubiti¡¯s first task would be to hunt down any dwarves
who¡¯d supported King Enki¡¯s rebellion and see that they were properly
punished for their treachery. Odds were, any remaining traitors had
already fled to the Neverseen. But when Edaline came to check on
Sophie after the Tribunal, she said that Nubiti had given an inspiring
speech, vowing to prove that Loamnore was a haven for justice and an
eager ally of all the other worlds.
   And Sophie was sure that Nubiti would do everything in her power
to keep that promise.
   But it would be a long time before Sophie would ever want to go
back to Loamnore.

   And yet, the Black Swan and the Council apparently followed the
Tribunal with a rousing speech of their own, standing united before
the crowd and claiming the events in Loamnore as a victory¡ªwhich
might have made Sophie throw her bottle of Youth across the Healing
Center when Grady first told her.

   Victory?
   Didn¡¯t they care about what had happened to Keefe?
   Or the fact that all of the Neverseen had gotten away again¡ªexcept
Glimmer, who didn¡¯t count because she¡¯d chosen to defect?
   And how about the fact that¡ªin Sophie¡¯s group, at least¡ªthe
Councillors had done basically nothing, and the Collective hadn¡¯t even
been there?
   But then Edaline had gently reminded Sophie that her group had
gotten Tam back, and that everyone who¡¯d gone on the mission had
also come home alive.
   And Sophie had begrudgingly admitted that those things did count
for something.
   Plus, when Dex, Stina, and Biana stopped by to share their account
of what had happened in the main marketplace, it did sound like a
pretty clear win for their group¡ªthough it helped that Gethen and
Vespera had left almost immediately.
   Stina and Dex were convinced their success was because of their
¡°mad fighting skills and super-awesome gadgets.¡±
   But Biana had a different, much more interesting theory.
   Biana thought Vespera wanted her plan to fail¡ªat least a little.
   After all, Lady Gisela had forced Vespera into their alliance, and
Vespera had made it clear that they had opposite visions. So maybe
Vespera had decided that the perfect moment to take control was
when Lady Gisela was distracted by all of her grand schemes for her
son¡¯s legacy. It would explain why Vespera and Gethen had shown up,
triggered every single alarm, said a bunch of half-truths to get
everyone riled up, and then fled, leaving the dwarves to fight for them
¡ªwhich definitely didn¡¯t have the spectacle and flair of Vespera¡¯s
usual schemes. And it would give Biana¡¯s group time to finish up their
fight and head over as backup against Lady Gisela.

   And if Biana was right¡ªVespera had almost gotten what she
wanted.

   Tam had knocked Lady Gisela out¡ªand bound her with shadowflux
bonds.

   But somehow, Lady Gisela had still gotten away.
   Tam felt responsible, because he¡¯d only bound her hands, thinking
he was making her feel what she¡¯d done to him, and he hadn¡¯t
considered that leaving her feet unbound would give her a chance to
walk away if she regained consciousness.
   But Sophie couldn¡¯t help wondering if Glimmer had something to
do with it¡ªand Sophie wasn¡¯t the only one who thought that.
   In fact, after talking to all of her friends, it sounded like they wanted
to know a lot more about the mysterious Flasher before they¡¯d be
willing to trust her¡ªand Glimmer was being awfully secretive.
   ¡°She won¡¯t even take off her cloak!¡± Linh vented to Sophie the next
morning, when she¡¯d stopped by the Healing Center to check in. ¡°She
left the Neverseen two days ago, and she won¡¯t even lower the hood. I¡¯m
ready to blast it off of her with a tidal wave.¡±
   Sophie smiled, watching Linh stomp back and forth. ¡°Remind me
never to get on your bad side.¡±
   But she definitely understood why Linh was being so protective.
   She¡¯d just gotten her brother back.
   And Glimmer wouldn¡¯t even give them her real name.
   Plus¡­ Sophie had realized something else¡ªsomething she decided
not to point out until she¡¯d had time to ask Glimmer a few more
questions.

   But¡­ Glimmer didn¡¯t have bonds on her wrists forcing her to do
anything.

   And yet, she hadn¡¯t hesitated at all before blasting the ethertine
crown on Keefe¡¯s head.

   ¡°I don¡¯t trust her,¡± Linh mumbled, gathering the water in the air
and shaping it into a bird, making it fly around the room. ¡°And Tam
thinks we should invite her to live with us.¡±

   Sophie sat up straighter. ¡°You¡¯re not going to let her, right?¡±
   Linh¡¯s waterbird swooped to Linh¡¯s shoulder.
   ¡°I told him if he tries it, I¡¯ll have a rain cloud follow her everywhere.
Which isn¡¯t that scary of a threat, but¡­ I didn¡¯t know how angry to
make Tam. He¡¯s¡­ hard to read right now.¡± She sent the waterbird
flying again.
   ¡°He¡¯s been through a lot,¡± Sophie told her, which Linh already knew
¡ªbut Sophie couldn¡¯t think of anything else to say. ¡°How¡¯s he doing?¡±
she added quietly. ¡°Honestly?¡±
   Linh sighed. ¡°He¡¯s¡­ different.¡±
   The word made both of them turn toward Keefe, who still hadn¡¯t
woken up¡ªor stirred even slightly.
   ¡°How¡¯s he doing?¡± Linh asked softly.
   Sophie sighed. ¡°Elwin says all his vital signs are normal and we just
have to be patient. And when I checked his dreams, it was something
about an army of elf-shaped cookies¡ªdon¡¯t ask,¡± she added when
Linh¡¯s eyebrows rose.
   ¡°Well¡­ that sounds like a very Keefe dream,¡± Linh decided.
   ¡°It does,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°But¡­ I wish he¡¯d wake up.¡±
   He hadn¡¯t woken up the next day either¡ªthe third day¡ªeven after
Sophie decided to transmit the plea over and over.

   Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!
   Keefe! Keefe! Keefe!
   When that didn¡¯t work, she tried bribes.
   Then threats.
   Ro had even stopped by and screamed right in his face.
   ¡°He¡¯s just trying to get out of his punishment,¡± the ogre princess
decided, ¡°because he knows I owe him for the amoebas and breaking
our bet.¡±
   She started listing off possibilities¡ªloudly.
   Trying to scare Keefe awake.
   ¡°For the record, I vote for anything that includes a shaved head,¡±
Fitz said from the doorway.
   And Sophie made a sound that was somewhere between a gasp and
a squeak.
   But she couldn¡¯t help it.
   This was the first time she¡¯d seen him since Loamnore.
   He¡¯d checked in telepathically a few times¡ªbut only quick
questions and single-sentence answers.
   And now, there he was.
   Looking gorgeous and perfect and¡­ nervous.
   And she looked like someone who¡¯d run straight from Loamnore to
the Healing Center and hadn¡¯t left for three days, relying on hasty
sponge baths and borrowing Elwin¡¯s colorful pajamas.
   Of course the jammies she had on at the moment were covered in
tiny aardwolves.
   ¡°Is this a bad time?¡± Fitz asked when Sophie didn¡¯t say anything,
and his eyes darted to Ro.
   ¡°Let me guess,¡± Ro grumbled. ¡°You two want to be alone?¡±
   ¡°We won¡¯t be alone,¡± Sophie reminded her, pointing to Keefe.
   Plus, Sandor was with Elwin in the other room.
   ¡°YOU HEAR THAT, HUNKYHAIR?¡± Ro shouted. ¡°YOU¡¯RE
GOING TO BE FITZPHIE¡¯S ONLY CHAPERONE. DON¡¯T YOU
THINK YOU SHOULD WAKE UP FOR THAT?¡±
   Sadly, still no reaction from Keefe.
   But Sophie and Fitz were definitely cringing.
   Ro tilted her head to study them, and her lips stretched into a smile.
¡°All right, guess I¡¯ll leave you two alone to talk. Have fun!¡±
   Then she was gone, and all that was missing was a background
soundtrack of crickets chirping.
   ¡°Sorry I haven¡¯t come by before,¡± Fitz eventually said, tearing a
hand through his hair. ¡°I¡¯ve been trying to find Alvar.¡±
   Sophie slumped back against her pillow. ¡°If you came here to¡ª¡±
   ¡°I didn¡¯t!¡± Fitz interrupted, holding out his hands. ¡°Sorry, didn¡¯t
mean to make it sound like that. I just meant¡­ I thought Alvar might
know a bit more about this transformation or whatever¡ªsomething
that might help us know if Keefe should be awake by now or not.¡±
   ¡°It feels like he should be, doesn¡¯t it?¡± Sophie asked quietly.
   Fitz nodded. ¡°But¡­ I¡¯m pretty sure I was unconscious for longer
than that after I was exposed to shadowflux.¡±
   ¡°You were,¡± Sophie agreed. ¡°But¡­ Elwin was also sedating you.¡±
   ¡°Yeah. True.¡± He tore his hand through his hair again.
   And the silence swelled again. Until Sophie said, ¡°I¡¯m guessing you
couldn¡¯t find Alvar.¡±
   He shook his head, and she waited for him to point out that if she
hadn¡¯t let Alvar go, they wouldn¡¯t have to find him.
   But he just said, ¡°Not yet. But I¡¯ll keep looking. I promise. I mean¡­ I
know Keefe¡¯s going to be okay. I know he¡¯s going to wake up and have
some really cool new ability and drive us all crazy with it. But¡­ the
waiting¡¯s hard.¡±

   ¡°It is,¡± Sophie agreed, tugging on her eyelashes.
   She¡¯d started wishing on them every time one slipped free.
   Please wake up, Keefe.
   Please, please, please.
   ¡°It helps to keep busy, though,¡± Fitz added quietly. ¡°That¡¯s why I¡¯m
here. I know you haven¡¯t wanted to leave Keefe alone. But¡­ I¡¯m
guessing you¡¯re dying to go home and take a shower, change your
clothes¡ª¡±
   ¡°You trying to tell me I smell bad?¡± Sophie interrupted, smiling
when Fitz¡¯s eyes widened. ¡°I¡¯m kidding. I know that¡¯s not what you
meant.¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Fitz said, staring at his feet. ¡°I just¡­ wasn¡¯t sure if you¡¯d
ever tease me again.¡±
   Sophie sucked in a breath.
   Fitz paced to the other side of the room, dragging a hand down his
face so hard, it made his features get all stretched.
   ¡°The thing is, Sophie¡ªI know this isn¡¯t the right time or place to do
this¡ªand I know I¡¯m the one who messed everything up. But¡­ I just¡­
I need you to know that I miss you, okay? I miss my girlfriend. So if
there¡¯s anything I can do to fix it¡­ let me know. Even if all you want to
be is friends, I¡¯d take that. I just¡­ I miss you. And I wanted you to
know that. And now I can¡¯t stop rambling, and it¡¯s making this really
awkward.¡±
   It was.
   But it also made it sweet.
   And when their eyes met, Sophie felt the familiar flutter in her
chest.
   But.
   ¡°I miss you, too, Fitz. You have no idea. And I will do anything for
us to be friends again. But¡­ just friends. For now, at least. There¡¯s
just¡­ too much going on. And it was so much harder than I thought it
would be, and I don¡¯t know if that means I¡¯m not ready or¡­ I just know
I can¡¯t handle a boyfriend right now. But I¡¯d really love my friend back.
Can we do that?¡±

   Fitz closed the distance between them, grabbing her hand and
giving it a soft squeeze.

   A friendly squeeze.
   ¡°Yeah, we can do that.¡±
   Sophie squeezed his hand back. ¡°Thank you.¡±
   They stood like that for a few seconds, and the really amazing
thing?
   It wasn¡¯t awkward.
   Not even a little bit.
   Even when Fitz met her eyes and said, ¡°Well then, as your friend¡ª
and Keefe¡¯s best friend, by the way¡ªhow about you take me up on my
offer? Even if you only go for a few hours to shower and change¡ª¡±
   ¡°Back to the shower hints again,¡± Sophie interrupted. ¡°You really
must think I smell bad.¡±
   ¡°No. I think you just need a break,¡± Fitz corrected. ¡°That¡¯s all.¡±
   A break.
   Maybe he was right.
   ¡°Okay,¡± she decided, stretching her legs as she slowly crawled out of
her bed. ¡°I¡¯ll be back in a few hours.¡±
   Fitz plopped down on one of the empty cots. ¡°And I¡¯ll be here.
Probably throwing Prattles at his head, but hey¡­ might wake him up.¡±
   Sophie laughed, loving how easily they were already starting to joke
with each other again.
   ¡°Thank you,¡± Sophie told him.
Fitz flashed one of his perfect smiles. ¡°Anytime, Sophie. Anytime.¡±
               FIFTY-THREE

EDALINE TOLD ME I¡¯D FIND you out here,¡± a familiar voice said behind

Sophie, and Sophie curled her knees into her chest, too tired to sprint
for the cliffs and teleport away.

   She was also too tired to realize for several more seconds that she
didn¡¯t actually need the cliffs to teleport anymore.

   And she was definitely too tired to tell Silveny about how she could
teleport like Wynn and Luna now, and find out if there was anything
she needed to know about that.

   That had been her plan when she¡¯d headed outside and settled
under the swaying branches of Calla¡¯s Panakes¡ªshe was going to have
a nice long chat with the exuberant mama alicorn and take her mind
off of everything.

   But the thought of hearing Silveny chant, Keefe! Keefe! Keefe! had
made Sophie¡¯s stomach fill with bubbling lava.

   So she¡¯d just sat there, watching the petals fall and trying to pick
out the words to some of the drifting melodies¡ªbut there was too
much noise in her brain.

   Too many unanswered questions.
   Too many worries.
   Too many truths she wished she could unlearn.
   And the noise only got louder when the person behind her said, ¡°We
really need to talk, Sophie.¡±
   Clearly, ignoring the person wasn¡¯t going to make her go away.
   Refusing to use her name hadn¡¯t been working very well either.
   So Sophie took a long, steadying breath and gave her eyelashes a
soothing tug before she forced herself to face her biological mother.

   Of course Oralie looked as pretty and perfect as ever, from her
fluttering pink gown to the shiny pink gloss painted across her lips.
She must be so disappointed every time she saw her daughter¡¯s boring
tunics and lack of makeup¡ªwhich actually made Sophie feel a little
better about the whole mess.

   Until she let herself wonder if Keefe had felt the same way every
time he¡¯d defied his parents¡ªand if that same thrill had played a role
in why he¡¯d gone to Loamnore after he¡¯d promised to stay away.

   The line between defiant and destructive was a razor¡¯s edge.
   ¡°What do you want?¡± Sophie asked, needing to get this conversation
over with.
   Oralie lowered herself to the grass and fanned out her gown like a
Disney Princess. ¡°I can see why you like spending time out here. It
really is remarkable.¡±
   ¡°What do you want?¡± Sophie repeated.
   Oralie sighed, her gaze turning distant as she reached out her hand,
catching one of the falling blossoms. ¡°I want so many things, Sophie.
That¡¯s always been my problem.¡±
   Sophie rolled her eyes. ¡°Yeah, I¡¯m really not up for the whole ¡®here¡¯s
my sad backstory¡¯ conversation¡ª¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Oralie told her, blinking back to the present. ¡°That¡¯s not
what this is. I¡¯m here because I need you to help me.¡±
   Sophie shook her head. ¡°That¡¯s a super-bad idea. I¡¯m sure someone
on Team Valiant¡ª¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s about Keefe¡¯s legacy,¡± Oralie interrupted.
   Sophie froze¡ªwondering if she¡¯d ever be able to hear that word
without wanting to vomit.
   She doubted it.
   But her jaw also tightened. ¡°If this is some ploy¡ª¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s not,¡± Oralie assured her. ¡°I¡­ think I know how to find out more
about what Lady Gisela¡¯s planning for him¡ªand what she did to him.¡±
   ¡°You think,¡± Sophie emphasized. ¡°Yeah¡­ forget it¡ªI¡¯m done with
theories and guessing.¡±
   Oralie grabbed Sophie¡¯s arm to stop her when she tried to stand. ¡°So
am I. Don¡¯t forget¡ªI was in Loamnore too.¡±
   ¡°Yeah, doing nothing,¡± Sophie muttered.
   Oralie flinched. ¡°You¡¯re right. I didn¡¯t do enough. None of us on the
Council did¡ªand not just that day. All the days before. King Enki¡¯s
treason didn¡¯t happen overnight. And if we don¡¯t change the way we
do things, it could happen again. We have to start facing our world¡¯s
darker truths instead of washing them away. That¡¯s why I¡¯m here.¡± She
stared at the sky for a second before focusing on Sophie. ¡°In
Loamnore, Lady Gisela said ¡®stellarlune,¡¯ and I can¡¯t get the sound of it
out of my brain. It feels familiar but unfamiliar, like it should connect
to something¡ªbut that something isn¡¯t there anymore.¡±
   Sophie groaned, dropping back to the grass hard enough to send
Panakes petals scattering. ¡°Please tell me you don¡¯t think Lady Gisela
messed with your memories.¡±
   Oralie shook her head, making her circlet shimmer in the sunlight.
¡°She didn¡¯t. I did. Or¡­ they did¡ªwhoever they are.¡±
   ¡°I have no idea what that means,¡± Sophie told her.
   ¡°Don¡¯t you?¡± Oralie stretched out her arm and snapped her fingers,
making a tiny glass sphere the size of a marble appear in the center of
her palm.
   A cache.
   Sophie¡¯s heart changed rhythm. ¡°You¡¯re saying stellarlune is a
Forgotten Secret.¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s part of one, at least. This one.¡± She raised the cache to Sophie¡¯s
eye level¡ªand when the light hit the glass, it caught the tiny blue
crystal set into the middle.

   The only inner crystal.
   ¡°You only have one Forgotten Secret?¡± Sophie had to ask.
   Kenric¡¯s cache had glittered with seven.
   ¡°Empaths shatter more easily, so the Council has to be very
selective with how often they involve me in their more fraught
situations. And the only challenge that they¡¯ve ever decided was
desperate enough to need my help was this one.¡± She tilted her hand,
letting the cache roll slowly around her palm. ¡°And¡­ it had something
to do with stellarlune. So I¡¯m willing to help you access the memory¡ª
but only if you promise we¡¯ll face this truth together.¡±
   Sophie plucked the cache from Oralie¡¯s palm, watching the light
shift in the tiny inner crystal, which was more of a pale blue than a
deep blue. ¡°If this is your idea of mother-daughter bonding¡­¡±
   ¡°No¡ªthis is about trust. If I show you what¡¯s in this cache, I¡¯ll be
violating some of the most fundamental vows I¡¯ve made as a
Councillor. And you¡¯re the only person I¡¯m willing to take that risk
for.¡±
   Sophie snorted. ¡°Right, because my very existence violates a ton
more vows you made.¡±
   Oralie sighed, but admitted, ¡°That too.¡±
   There was no warmth in her voice¡ªno regret in her eyes.
   But¡­ maybe Sophie didn¡¯t need there to be.
   She didn¡¯t need another mother.
   She needed answers.
   That¡¯s what Oralie was offering her.
   One, at least.
   One truth that had been erased.
   And Sophie wanted it.
   Needed it.
   And Keefe might never wake up without it.
   But her conscience still forced her to say, ¡°I thought the Forgotten
Secrets were things that could damage your sanity if you remembered
them.¡±
   ¡°They are. That¡¯s another risk I¡¯m willing to take. The question is,
are you?¡± She let the question dangle for a second before she added,
¡°It¡¯s going to get ugly, Sophie. And I can¡¯t guarantee your safety¡ªor
mine. All I can offer is truth¡ªand I¡¯m ready to get started. If you¡¯re
ready to trust me.¡±
   She held out her hand, asking for her cache.
   And Sophie hesitated only a second before placing it gently in
Oralie¡¯s palm, pressing her hand over it to seal their bargain.
   She didn¡¯t need to weigh her options or think through consequences
or doubt herself or stress or panic.
   She could do all of that later, as she fought her way through.
   Right now, only one thing mattered.
   ¡°I¡¯m ready,¡± Sophie told Oralie, doing her best to channel Keefe¡¯s
confidence as she added, ¡°Bring it on.¡±
         ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

So¡­ raise your hand if you¡¯re mad at me for that cliff-hanger!
   *pauses while the entire Keeper fandom raises their hands*
   I know¡­ I know. I¡¯m probably going to need to go into hiding until

book nine comes out.
   Must. Write. Faster.
   In all seriousness, though, despite how cruelly I treat you guys with

my endings, I hope you know how much I love each and every one of
you. We¡¯re on an epic journey together with this series¡ªa glorious
sleep-deprived adventure! (for me, at least)¡ªand I truly wouldn¡¯t be
here without you. Thank you for reading. Thank you for trusting me to
guide you through this story. And thank you, thank you, thank you for
not throwing your books at my head (these things are heavy!).

   I worked some of the longest hours I¡¯ve ever worked in my life to
get this book done in time. But the truly amazing thing is how many
people at Simon & Schuster suffered through the same schedule with
me¡ªand how many more work tirelessly every day behind the scenes
to make sure this series finds its way to stores, schools, libraries, and
readers. It¡¯s such an honor and a joy to work with so many inspiring
people, including Liesa Abrams Mignogna¡ªmy endlessly patient
editor¡ªand Jon Anderson, Mara Anastas, Chriscynethia Floyd,
Katherine Devendorf, Rebecca Vitkus, Chelsea Morgan, Elizabeth
Mims, Karin Paprocki, Mike Rosamilia, Adam Smith, Stacey Sakal,
Cassie Malmo, Lauren Hoffman, Caitlin Sweeny, Alissa Nigro, Anna
Jarzab, Nicole Russo, Jessica Smith, Sara Berko, Michelle Leo, Jenn
Rothkin, Ian Reilly, Christina Pecorale, Victor Iannone, and the entire
sales team. And Jason Chan never ceases to wow me with his gorgeous
cover illustrations.

   I¡¯m also incredibly lucky to work with my brilliant and supportive
agent, Laura Rennert, who truly is my lifeline in this chaotic business
(same goes for everyone else at Andrea Brown Literary and Taryn
Fagerness Agency).

   And I¡¯m in awe of how hard C¨¦cile Pournin and Mathilde Tamae-
Bouhon¡ªand everyone at Lumen Editions¡ªwork to get my books
translated for French readers every year, despite my down-to-the-wire
deadlines.

   To all the booksellers, the teachers, the librarians, the bloggers, and
the #bookstagrammers who go out of your way to support this series:
Please know that I see you. I adore you. And I would not be where I am
without you. You truly are my heroes.

   This year has been an interesting year for me, filled with some of
the greatest joys and biggest challenges I¡¯ve ever faced. And all of that
madness might¡¯ve unraveled my creativity if it weren¡¯t for a host of
supportive, inspiring people.

   Debra Driza: I know I already dedicated the book to you¡ªbut I have
to thank you here, too, because I truly wouldn¡¯t have survived this
deadline without you. Thank you for the snacks, for the abundance of
iced tea, and for talking me through Every. Single. Plot hole. Here¡¯s
hoping for many more Shannon-and-Deb writing days in the future!

   Thank you, Faith Hochhalter and Brandi Stewart, for being an
endless source of wisdom on all things book/event related, and for all
of the texts, calls, and hilarious GIFs. I¡¯m so glad this business brought
us together. *jazz hands*

   Thank you, Kelly Ramirez, for proving that some friendships truly
do last a lifetime, and for providing excellent pep talks, perfect
distractions, and an abundance of Instagram wisdom.
   Thank you, Kari Olson, for always making yourself available for a

desperate brainstorming session¡ªand for all the cute animal picture
motivation. (The aardwolf mention in Legacy is for you!)

   Thank you, Alexander Morelli, for teaching me about mindfulness
exercises (best deadline coping mechanism ever!) and then not judging
me for twisting one of them around to serve my plotting purposes. You
saved the hardest scene in the book!

   Thank you, C. J. Redwine, for being my writing check-in buddy on
the longest deadline days, Sarah Wylie for the wonderful e-mails (and
for not judging my long gaps between replies), Amy Tintera for putting
up with my really long text messages, and Roshani Chokshi for always
being fabulous (and inspiring me to try to be the same).

   Thank you, Kasie West, Renee Collins, Bree Despain, Jenn
Johansson, and Candice Kennington, for letting me crash your writing
retreat¡ªit was just the boost I needed to get back into the rhythms of
writing.

   Thank you, Allison Bennett, for being there for that first very long,
very hard phone call, and for all the advice after. And thank you, Nadia
and Roland, for continuing to be the best niece and nephew ever. (And
I have to give Jeff Bennett a shout-out here too!)

   And of course¡ªof course¡ªthank you, Mom and Dad, for helping me
get my house reorganized into perfect writing spaces, for bringing me
meals and groceries and anything else I needed. I know I say this every
year, but maybe this time it¡¯ll actually happen: Here¡¯s hoping the next
book will cooperate and I¡¯ll actually get to sleep!
Hi there, Keeper fans! Consider this your friendly reminder: If you snuck
back here to spend a little time with our favorite silver-banged Shade
before reading Legacy¡ªSTOP! TURN BACK! SPOILERS AHEAD! Even
the next paragraph is iffy, so I¡¯d recommend fleeing now.

   *pauses for one more SPOILER ALERT*
   Okay! The scenes you¡¯re about to read take place simultaneously with
what¡¯s going on throughout the course of Legacy, to give you some
glimpses into Tam¡¯s side of the story. There are several references to
moments you¡¯ve already seen through Sophie¡¯s eyes, but now you¡¯ll get
to see Tam¡¯s reactions and hopefully get some deeper insights into what
our sweet, angsty boy is going through.

                                                                        Happy reading!
                           First Day

   Don¡¯t talk to anybody.
   Don¡¯t listen to anybody.
   Don¡¯t make friends.
   Don¡¯t let them break you.

They were the words that Tam had repeated to himself every morning
before he headed off with Linh to Exillium.

   The rules he forced himself to follow.
   The only way to survive.
   And they were going to get him through this.
   Hopefully he¡¯d learn something useful too.
   Tam studied his tiny, stuffy room, smirking at the ridiculous
touches someone had added¡ªas if they thought he¡¯d look at the
embroidered pillows and the jeweled moon jars and think, Oh, I guess
I¡¯m not a prisoner, because they gave me a mirrored tray with¡­
   Is that a sparkly cat statue?
   He rolled his eyes and tried to decide if it would be better to gather
up all of that junk and shove it under the bed to show them exactly
what he thought of it, or to leave it where it was.
   What he really wanted to do was shred the pillows, fling the moon
jars against the walls, and smash that stupid, shiny cat.
   But this was a long game.
   Best to start slow. Test the water.
   ¡°How did you sleep?¡± Lady Gisela asked behind him, and Tam
kicked himself for flinching¡ªbut he hadn¡¯t heard the door open.
   ¡°Awesome,¡± he told her. ¡°Nothing says ¡®sweet dreams¡¯ like a
concussion. You should try it sometime. I¡¯d be happy to knock you
out.¡±

   Lady Gisela sighed. ¡°This will go much easier for you if you
cooperate.¡±

   ¡°Pretty sure it will go easier for you,¡± Tam countered, spinning
around to face her.

   Her hair was pulled back into this supertight bun that looked like it
had to be giving her a headache, and the skin on her face had this
weird, stretched look to it. It almost looked like it hurt when she
moved her mouth.

   Tam really hoped it did.
   ¡°I know how to deal with stubborn, snarky boys,¡± Lady Gisela told
him.
   ¡°I can tell. Thanks for the cat statue!¡±
   Her eyes narrowed, and Tam realized he should probably ease off a
bit. It was only day one. He needed to figure out the boundaries before
he started slamming against them.
   ¡°I¡¯m not the enemy, Tam,¡± she told him, and it was really, really hard
not to laugh¡ªuntil she added, ¡°But I can be if you insist on being
difficult. You¡¯re here for a reason, and I will make sure you fulfill it.¡±
   ¡°Great. Looking forward to it.¡±
   ¡°You should be. Now come on. Gethen¡¯s waiting.¡±
   Tam¡¯s stomach dropped. ¡°Gethen?¡±
   ¡°Our Telepath.¡± Lady Gisela¡¯s smile stretched wider. ¡°He¡¯s very
much looking forward to spending the day with you.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯m sure he is,¡± Tam mumbled as he followed her down a dim,
narrow hallway, trying to keep his back straight, head held high.
   But a whole day with a Telepath¡­
   Tam wouldn¡¯t be able to hide much.
   And this prisoner-of-the-Neverseen thing just got a whole lot more
complicated.
                     After the Warning

¡°So settle a bet for me,¡± one of Them said, dropping into the chair
across from Tam in the hideout¡¯s small study.

   Tam gripped his book so hard, the spine crackled.
   Her face was hidden by the cowl of her cloak. But he recognized her
voice.
   It was the one who¡¯d put the bonds on his wrists.
   The one who¡¯d told him, It¡¯ll be easier this way, I promise, as she¡¯d
turned him into Lady Gisela¡¯s little Shade pet.
   The Flasher who called herself ¡°Glimmer.¡±
   Apparently she thought he didn¡¯t care about what she¡¯d done to
him, because she pointed to his forehead and asked, ¡°So, the fact that
you never wear your hood¡ªis that a protest? Or because you want
everyone to see your awesome bangs?¡±
   Tam went back to reading.
   ¡°You don¡¯t talk much, do you?¡± When he still didn¡¯t respond, she
sighed¡ªthen leaned closer and whispered, ¡°Gethen¡¯s mad at you.¡±
   Tam gripped the book again.
   Of course Gethen was mad at him.
   He couldn¡¯t hide his whole conversation with Sophie¡ªhe¡¯d known
that the second he¡¯d let her into his mind.
   But hopefully he¡¯d hidden the part that mattered.
   And hopefully Sophie believed him.
   ¡°Be careful, Tam,¡± Glimmer told him as she stood. ¡°I don¡¯t think
you realize what you¡¯re doing.¡±
   No. He knew exactly what he was doing.
   Don¡¯t let them break you.
                           After Linh

¡°I seriously don¡¯t know how you can make any sense out of that
journal,¡± Glimmer said, taking the seat across from Tam and plopping
a book about light theory down on the study¡¯s table. ¡°Shades are
weird.¡±

   She sat at his table a lot, either ignoring him or trying to trick him
into talking to her.

   So Tam tried to tell himself it was nothing unusual.
   Nothing to worry about.
   No one knew anything.
   He¡¯d shrouded his conversation with Linh in hundreds of layers of
shadows. There was no way Gethen could¡¯ve found the memory.
   And yet, Glimmer leaned close and said, ¡°I know something¡¯s
wrong.¡±
   Tam kept his eyes on Umber¡¯s precise writing.
   ¡°I heard you crying last night,¡± Glimmer added, her voice softening
in a way that reminded him of his sister.
   And it made him break his rule and talk.
   ¡°What do you want?¡± he asked, keeping his voice low¡ªsharp.
   ¡°I just¡­ don¡¯t understand why you have to be so stubborn,¡± she said
to him. ¡°You don¡¯t have to be all alone here. You could have friends.¡±
   Don¡¯t make friends.
   Not that he needed the reminder. He snorted and held his arms up,
showing her the bonds she¡¯d put there. ¡°You think we can be friends.¡±
   Her head angled down, making her cloak fall even farther forward.
¡°I think there¡¯s a lot you don¡¯t understand,¡± she murmured.
   ¡°And I think there¡¯s a lot you don¡¯t understand,¡± Tam countered.
His voice low. Ominous. ¡°Whatever reasons you have for being here
are wrong. And whatever you think you know about these people is
wrong too. They only care about themselves, and when the time comes,
they will betray you.¡± He pointed to his bonds again and told her, ¡°Just
like they made you trap me.¡±

   Silence stretched between them.
   Then Glimmer grabbed her book and stalked away.
                        After London

¡°What happened?¡± Glimmer demanded, shoving her way into Tam¡¯s
room and closing the door behind her, pressing her back against it like
she was trying to keep everyone out. ¡°Where did you go? Why is Lady
Gisela unconscious?¡±

   Tam curled up tighter on his bed.
   He couldn¡¯t talk.
   Couldn¡¯t think.
   Couldn¡¯t stop shaking, shaking, shaking.
   Glimmer crouched beside him, and her hood shifted in the process,
giving Tam a glimpse of her long black hair.
   Not that it mattered.
   Nothing mattered.
   Not after what he¡¯d just done.
   ¡°What happened?¡± Glimmer asked again. ¡°You can tell me.¡±
   Don¡¯t talk to anybody.
   ¡°You can trust me,¡± she added.
   Don¡¯t listen to anybody.
   ¡°I¡¯m your friend,¡± she promised.
   Don¡¯t make friends.
   And it hit Tam then, the absolute absurdity of his situation.
   Friend.
   She was the reason he¡¯d just had to help Lady Gisela escape!
   Laughter burst out of him at the reminder¡ªcold, erratic sputters.
   And when the frenzy passed, he told her, ¡°You¡¯re not my friend.¡±
   The room dimmed with the words.
   ¡°I could be,¡± Glimmer said quietly. ¡°I keep trying.¡±
   ¡°WHY?¡± Tam demanded.
   Glimmer shrugged, picking up the tiny cat statue from his bedside
table and trailing her finger along its curved tail. ¡°It gets lonely here.¡±
   ¡°THEN GET OUT OF HERE!¡± he shouted. ¡°Seriously, Glimmer.
See these people for who they really are.¡±
   ¡°I do!¡± she insisted, reaching up to adjust her hood. Covering the
few strands of her hair that had broken free.
   Tam shook his head. ¡°Then at least¡­ just get out of my room.¡±
   Glimmer took the cat statue with her.
                          Last Night

¡°So¡­ this is it,¡± Glimmer said, leaning against the side of Tam¡¯s
doorway. ¡°One more thing and¡­ then you¡¯re out of here.¡±

   Tam let out a dark laugh. ¡°One more thing.¡±
   ¡°What else am I supposed to call it?¡± Glimmer countered.
   Which was true.
   There were no words for the horror Lady Gisela was going to force
him to do.
   Or try to force him.
   Please don¡¯t let Keefe be there.
   Please, just ONCE, let Keefe do what someone tells him to do.
   Another dark, bitter laugh slipped through his lips as he considered
the chances of that.
   And please don¡¯t let Linh be there.
   Don¡¯t let her see me like this.
   ¡°Wow, you really are always gloomy, aren¡¯t you?¡± Glimmer asked,
crossing her arms. ¡°I thought you¡¯d at least be relieved that it¡¯s almost
over.¡±
   Tam shook his head, trying to decide if Glimmer could really be that
naive, or if she was following some script Lady Gisela gave her to keep
him hopeful and compliant.
   ¡°You really think she¡¯s going to let me go after I ¡®do the thing¡¯ or
whatever you want to call it.¡±
   Glimmer nodded without the slightest hesitation. ¡°You guys have a
deal. Once you hold up your end, she¡¯ll hold up hers.¡±
   ¡°Wow, you really believe that, don¡¯t you?¡± Tam wondered.
   ¡°Of course. It¡¯s only fair.¡±
   ¡°Fair,¡± Tam repeated, wondering why he was still talking. It didn¡¯t
matter.

   Don¡¯t make friends.
   But he had to know. ¡°Okay, tell me this, then,¡± he said slowly,
stalking closer. ¡°If I¡¯m right¡ªif Lady Gisela goes back on her word¡ª
would you do anything about it?¡±
   ¡°What do you mean?¡±
   ¡°I mean¡±¡ªhe held up his wrists, showing her his bonds¡ª¡°you¡¯re the
one with the power to set me free. And you think our deal is fair. So if I
hold up my end¡ªand Lady Gisela doesn¡¯t hold up hers¡ªwould you
step in and let me go?¡±
   Glimmer backed up a step. ¡°I¡­ I don¡¯t know.¡±
   Tam snorted. ¡°That¡¯s what I thought.¡±
   ¡°Hey¡ªyou¡¯re asking me if I¡¯d betray¡ª¡±
   ¡°Someone who would¡¯ve just betrayed me,¡± Tam finished for her.
¡°I¡¯m asking if you¡¯d betray a traitor to do the right thing.¡±
   ¡°I¡­ I don¡¯t know,¡± Glimmer repeated.
   ¡°Well,¡± Tam said slowly, pulling his sleeves back down to cover his
bonds. ¡°Maybe you should figure that out.¡±
   He flipped his hood up over his head, covering his face.
   Time to go.
   Don¡¯t let them break you.
More from this Series

Keeper of the Lost¡­   Exile
Book 1                 Book 2

Everblaze              Neverseen
Book 3                 Book 4

Lodestar               Nightfall
Book 5                 Book 6
         ABOUT THE AUTHOR

                         COPYRIGHT  2012 BY DEVENDE PHOTOGRAPHY

SHANNON MESSENGER graduated from the USC School of

Cinematic Arts, where she learned¡ªamong other things¡ªthat she
liked watching movies much better than making them. She¡¯s studied
art, screenwriting, and film production, but she realized her real
passion was writing stories for children. She¡¯s the New York Times and
USA Today bestselling author of the award-winning middle grade
series Keeper of the Lost Cities, as well as the Sky Fall series for young
adults. Her books have been featured on multiple state reading lists,
published in numerous countries, and translated into many different
languages. She lives in Southern California with an embarrassing
number of cats. Find her online at ShannonMessenger.com.

                                       KEEPEROFTHELOSTCITIES.COM
                                                         Aladdin

                                         Simon & Schuster, New York
               Visit us at simonandschuster.com/kids
www.SimonandSchuster.com/Authors/Shannon-Messenger
     Also by Shannon Messenger

The KEEPER OF THE LOST CITIES Series
        Keeper of the Lost Cities
                    Exile
                 Everblaze
                 Neverseen
                  Lodestar
                  Nightfall
                 Flashback

          The SKY FALL Series
              Let the Sky Fall

           Let the Storm Break
            Let the Wind Rise
 This book is a work of fiction. Any references to historical events, real people, or real places
are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places, and events are products of the author¡¯s

   imagination, and any resemblance to actual events or places or persons, living or dead, is
                                                entirely coincidental.

                    An imprint of Simon & Schuster Children¡¯s Publishing Division
                            1230 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10020
                                           www.SimonandSchuster.com
                              First Aladdin hardcover edition November 2019
                                Text copyright  2019 by Shannon Messenger
                            Jacket illustration copyright  2019 by Jason Chan

    All rights reserved, including the right of reproduction in whole or in part in any form.
         ALADDIN and related logo are registered trademarks of Simon & Schuster, Inc.
             For information about special discounts for bulk purchases, please contact

    Simon & Schuster Special Sales at 1-866-506-1949 or business@simonandschuster.com.
           The Simon & Schuster Speakers Bureau can bring authors to your live event.

For more information or to book an event contact the Simon & Schuster Speakers Bureau at 1-
                     866-248-3049 or visit our website at www.simonspeakers.com.
                                       Jacket designed by Karin Paprocki
                                      Interior designed by Mike Rosamilia

                Full CIP data for this book is available from the Library of Congress.
                                           ISBN 978-1-5344-2733-4 (hc)

                                         ISBN 978-1-5344-2735-8 (eBook)
